http://abcnews.go.com/US/indiana-serial-killer-suspect-spree-dates-back-decades/story?id%3D26323371	ABC News: Breaking News & Latest News	ABC News	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 11:06:27 -0700	Abc News	abc;breaking;latest	The man suspected of murdering seven women in Indiana indicated to police that his crime spree dates back two decades, authorities said at a press conference today. Suspect Darren Deon Vann, 43, helped authorities locate the bodies of six victims in Gary, ...	The page you've requested either does not exist or is currently unavailable.::::::::You may use the "Back" button on your browser to return to the previous page, visit the ABCNews.com Home Page, or view the Site Map. You can also search our site by using the search form below.::::::::If you require further assistance, please contact us.	
http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/ebola-virus-outbreak/ebola-america-has-fever-broken-n229916	Ebola in America: Has the Fever Broken?	NBCNews.com	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 11:26:54 -0700		ebola;america;fever broken	It's been 21 days and none of the people in closest contact with Thomas Eric Duncan in the days before he was hospitalized has gotten sick. That includes his fiancée Louise Troh and her children, who were in a small Dallas apartment with an increasingly ill ...	It’s been 21 days and none of the people in closest contact with Thomas Eric Duncan in the days before he was hospitalized has gotten sick. That includes his fiancée Louise Troh and her children, who were in a small Dallas apartment with an increasingly ill Duncan for days, and forcibly kept inside for days afterward.::::::::No one else has carried Ebola into the country yet, and since Wednesday, no more nurses or other health care workers who took care of Duncan have been infected.::::::::What has been seen is what the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other experts predicted would happen — that someone might carry Ebola into the United States, and that they might even infect a few other people. What CDC has always promised is that it would stop there.::::::::“I for one, am quite encouraged by the fact that 21 days have elapsed and Thomas Duncan’s family have not become ill,” said Jennifer Nuzzo, a senior associate at the University of Pittsburgh Medical School’s Center for Health Security. “It’s further evidence of what public health specialists have been saying: that this virus is not easily transmitted.”::::::::Nurses Amber Vinson and Nina Pham had “extraordinary contact” with Duncan and, as in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, they were at the highest risk. People who lived with Duncan, rode in vehicles with him and spoke with him did not catch Ebola.::::::::“It’s starting to show us the science we talked about at the very beginning is working,” said Dallas mayor Mike Rawlings.::::::::Yet schools have closed, teachers and students who might have been in contact with someone who was in contact with a patient have been asked to stay home. Public schools in Moore, Oklahoma, have said they will ask students and an administrator to stay home because they were on a cruise ship with an uninfected — and now cleared — lab worker who handled Duncan’s blood. Doctors say the chance that any of those students could be infected is zero.::::::::Members of Congress continue to demand travel bans even though every expert who knows about such measures has said they not only don’t work, but they could make matters worse. People who have merely traveled to Liberia are asked to stay away from speaking engagements.::::::::The past three weeks have illustrated just how difficult it is to be vigilant about an infectious disease without swerving into overkill. If Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital had been thinking Ebola, Duncan would have been isolated and treated on Sept. 25 and wouldn’t have been so ill when he did start getting treatment.::::::::It’s impossible to say that he may have lived, but experience shows that prompt treatment does raise the survival rate. And now the CDC is planning to issue new, clearer guidelines about what gear nurses and other health care workers should wear to protect themselves.::::::::“I wouldn’t be surprised if the new guidelines today were more streamlined,” Nuzzo said.::::::::And while the CDC’s been lambasted for not having been more forceful with hospitals, former Health and Human Services Secretary Mike Leavitt points out that local officials and even individual hospitals were also supposed to have been on the ball. “States and local governments, not just in Dallas, not just in Nebraska, not just in Bethesda, have got to be prepared for this," Leavitt said on MSNBC’s Daily Rundown.::::::::“As it spreads across Africa the likelihood of it returning to the United States is high and we need to be ready for that.”::::::::More than 9,000 people have been infected in West Africa and while half have been confirmed to have died, the World Health Organization says the numbers are certainly higher. The epidemic is not even close to being under control and aid organizations say the help they’ve been screaming for is slow to arrive.::::::::As long as the epidemic rages, people are likely to carry the virus elsewhere. That doesn’t mean the system has failed, Nuzzo says. “People are on high alert. So finding a case here and there in a hospital is not a case of the system failing but of the system working,” she said.::::::::It may also mean more school closures.::::::::“It’s unfortunate but understandable because people are acting on their emotions,” she said. “If shutting down a school to clean it means people will feel safer going the next day, then it is worth doing.”::::::::Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins has a folksy way of explaining such reactions.::::::::"I've seen and heard of horses spooked by a snake and go running and that's probably a really good idea if you’re a horse,” he told a news conference Monday.::::::::“I’ve seen and heard of horses spooked by a beer can. And beer cans don't usually attack horses often. So there's not much reason for running from a beer can. This is more of a beer can at this point than a snake.”::::::::However, calls for travels bans will also pick up. And if another case appears, it may be more difficult to say no to such calls, says Dr. Peter Hotez, an infectious diseases expert at the Baylor College of Medicine.::::::::“That is something we have to actively fight against,” Nuzzo said. “It may make people feel better but it won’t make them any safer.”	
http://edition.cnn.com/2014/10/20/world/meast/turkey-isis/	Turkey: ISIS-Kurdish fight on border stirs trouble	CNN International	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 11:03:20 -0700	Ivan Watson	turkey;isis-kurdish;border stirs trouble	Gaziantep, Turkey (CNN) -- Turkey made a significant policy shift Monday when it announced it would allow Kurdish Peshmerga fighters from northern Iraq to travel through the Turkish territory to reinforce the besieged Kurdish town of Kobani in northern Syria.	Gaziantep, Turkey (CNN) -- Turkey made a significant policy shift Monday when it announced it would allow Kurdish Peshmerga fighters from northern Iraq to travel through the Turkish territory to reinforce the besieged Kurdish town of Kobani in northern Syria.::::::::The announcement was all the more striking, because earlier this month Turkey's President equated the Kurdish militants defending Kobani to the ISIS fighters who were laying siege to the town. Both the Kurdish and ISIS militants are, in the words of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, "terrorists."::::::::"Turkey feels like it has fallen into the subway tracks and is surrounded by live rails," said Hugh Pope, senior Turkey analyst with the International Crisis Group, a conflict mediation organization. "It is very difficult for Turkey to make any choice."::::::::Turkey to let Iraqi Kurds use its territory to reinforce Kobani::::::::Turkey's historically troubled relations with its own ethnic Kurdish population is one reason Ankara balked at joining the U.S.-led coalition bombing the militants who call themselves the Islamic State.::::::::But Turkey's noninterference policy came at a cost.::::::::The scenes of Kurdish and ISIS fighters locked in a death struggle on the border, as well as the images of more than 100,000 desperate Syrian Kurds fleeing to Turkish territory, triggered spasms of deadly violence between rival factions within Turkey.::::::::Kurdish politicians in Turkey accused the Turkish government of siding with ISIS by refusing to arm Kobani's defenders. Kurds then took to the streets in protest.::::::::More than 30 people were killed in cities around Turkey this month as ethnic Kurds clashed with Islamist and nationalist groups as well as Turkish police.::::::::"All of these constituencies are getting fired up by the scenes on television that they're seeing in the Middle East," said Pope of the International Crisis Group. "This has led for the first time in 20 years to gangs taking to the streets and killing each other."::::::::On Friday, the battle for Kobani was felt at one of Turkey's most elite institutions, Bogazici University.::::::::On a leafy campus overlooking Istanbul's Bosphorus Strait, friends, relatives and fellow academics gathered to remember a 30-year old sociologist named Suphi Nejat Agirnasli.::::::::Agirnasli, a member of Turkey's Marxist-Leninist Communist Party, was reported killed this month in Kobani after he volunteered to join Kurdish militants defending the city.::::::::Mourners waved red communist flags and chanted "ISIS killers" as they marched carrying Agirnasli's portrait through the usually peaceful campus.::::::::Agirnasli's death shocked some Turks, who have felt Turkey's largest city was somehow insulated from the turmoil in the Middle East.::::::::"I never thought that someone from our university would actually go there and get killed," said Suveyda Cil, 19, a Bogazici student. "I never thought I was so close to these situations because it's so far from Istanbul, but now it's so close."::::::::One of Agirnasli's professors said he understood why his former student volunteered to fight alongside the Kurds, even though Agirnasli wasn't a Kurd.::::::::"What's going on in Kobani today is basically kind of a struggle against barbarians ... against people who have no sense of humanity," said Zafer Yenal, the head of Bogazici's sociology department. "Probably (Suphi) Nejat was very shocked. He basically saw this and wanted to be there in some capacity."::::::::An estimated 20% of Turkey's population is made up of ethnic Kurds. Historically, the Turkish government has persecuted and marginalized this community, referring to them for years as "mountain Turks."::::::::In 1984, a group of Marxist-inspired guerrillas calling themselves the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, began fighting an insurgent war against the Turkish state. The conflict would ebb and flow for the next 30 years.::::::::The PKK initially fought to carve an independent Kurdistan out of Kurdish-populated regions of Turkey, Iraq, Syria and Iran. But the bulk of the bloodshed took place in southeastern Turkey, resulting in the deaths of more than 30,000 people over three decades.::::::::The PKK was accused of assassinating teachers, police officers and rival Kurdish activists. Meanwhile, the Turkish security forces demolished hundreds of Kurdish villages in an attempt to destroy support for the separatists.::::::::The United States and European Union joined their NATO ally Turkey in labeling the PKK a terrorist organization.::::::::Since coming to power in Turkey some 12 years ago, Erdogan pushed to open peace talks with the PKK. Meanwhile, the PKK has dropped its demands for an independent state, instead calling for greater autonomy and cultural and linguistic rights within Turkey.::::::::"This peace process is one of the only good things happening in the Middle East today," Pope said.::::::::But the Kobani-related violence inside Turkey has threatened to derail the peace process.::::::::Complicating matters further is that ISIS has found some support within Turkey's majority Muslim society.::::::::Hundreds of Turks are believed to have joined the movement.::::::::Some appeared in propaganda videos urging their countrymen to join ISIS' ranks.::::::::"We have come here to Syria for jihad to practice God's religion, to practice jihad on God's path, and to gain God's sustenance to, God willing, go to his heaven," one bearded man holding a machine gun told the camera in Turkish.::::::::Another unnamed Turkish militant explained in a video why he left his three children behind in Istanbul to join ISIS in Syria.::::::::"When the children are dying here, my conscience did not let me stay and love my children. If you come here, there is dignity, honor, everything is here," the man said. "Instead of staying in Turkey and living in contempt, standing guard here for one night would be better for you."::::::::ISIS supporters have emerged on at least one Istanbul university campus.::::::::On September 26, students filmed more than 10 men wearing masks and carrying clubs yelling, "Allahu Akbar" ("God is great"), in the literature department at Istanbul University. The video then showed these Islamist students attacking leftist students who had been protesting against ISIS.::::::::The International Crisis Group's Pope said that when it comes to ISIS "there's a conflicted feeling in Turkey. There's a condemnation of the methods. At the same time there's a sympathy for the cause."::::::::One Turk strongly sympathizing with ISIS is Ali Osman Zor, a self-described "Islamic revolutionary" and enthusiastic member of the Great Eastern Islamic Raiders' Front.::::::::Zor, who spent several years in prison on terrorism convictions, now edits a magazine published in Istanbul that endorses ISIS.::::::::In an interview with CNN, Zor said he supported ISIS' violent methods, arguing they were a natural response to what he claimed were decades of Western imperialism in the Middle East as well as Kurdish and Shiite Muslim persecution of Sunni Muslims in Iraq.::::::::"We saw one man killed," Zor said, referring to the multiple beheadings and executions ISIS militants filmed on camera and distributed over social media.::::::::"What about all the people killed by U.S. airstrikes? We haven't forgotten about Abu Ghraib," he added, referring to the notorious prison where Americans soldiers were photographed abusing Iraqi prisoners during the U.S. occupation of Iraq.::::::::Pope advises against Turkey being drawn further into the Syrian civil war.::::::::"Turkey has all the fractures you have in the Middle East: the sectarian Sunni-non-Sunni divide, the ethnic divide between Kurds and Turks, the political divide between Islamists and non-Islamists," he warned.::::::::"All these fault lines can break open in a very bad way."::::::::On Monday, a top adviser to the Turkish President defended Ankara's decision not to attack ISIS.::::::::In an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal, deputy secretary-general of the presidency, Ibrahim Kalin, argued instead that the U.S.-led coalition should focus on overthrowing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.::::::::"ISIS's barbaric beheadings and summary executions, horrible and disgusting as they are, should not shadow the war crimes and crimes against humanity perpetrated by Mr. Assad," Kalin wrote.::::::::"Hitting ISIS while ignoring the Assad regime alone is a shortsighted strategy that will not end the bloodshed in Syria and Iraq."	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/2014/10/20/apple-pay-update/17615205/	Apple launches iOS 8.1 update	USA TODAY	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 10:38:46 -0700	Edt October;P M	apple;launches ios	Apple launched a new version of its mobile operating system that will introduce the company's first stab at a payment processing service. The iOS 8.1 update enables support for Apple Pay, which will be available fully on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Apple ...	Apple launched a new version of its mobile operating system that will introduce the company's first stab at a payment processing service.::::::::The iOS 8.1 update enables support for Apple Pay, which will be available fully on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Apple Pay will also be available on iPads for in-app purchases.::::::::The update also includes a beta version of the iCloud Photo Library and the return of the Camera Roll album in photos.::::::::Also, several of the new features tied to operating system OS X Yosemite, launched last week for Macs, will now appear, including Continuity, where users can start a project on one device and quickly pick up on another.::::::::The update requires 2.2 GB of storage to download and install straight from your device. Users can also download the update on their PC or Mac via iTunes, then apply the update.::::::::The last big update for iOS 8 was rocky, knocking out cellular access for multiple phones and prompting Apple to immediately pull the update and replace it with a newer upgrade.	
http://www.cnn.com/2014/10/20/politics/senate-schedules-ebola-hearing/	Senate schedules its own Ebola hearing	CNN	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 11:10:23 -0700	Jeremy Diamond;Eric Bradner	senate schedules;ebola	Washington (CNN) -- Senate Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Barbara Mikulski plans to hold a hearing on the government's handling of the Ebola outbreak on Nov. 6 -- two days after the midterm elections. The hearing will be the first one in the ...	Washington (CNN) -- The Senate will hold a hearing on the increasingly political debate over the government's handling of the Ebola outbreak -- but not until after the midterm elections.::::::::Senate Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Barbara Mikulski will hold an Ebola hearing Nov. 6, two days after Election Day. That will mark the first hearing in the Democratic-led Senate since the first three U.S. cases of the deadly virus were diagnosed in Dallas, according to a committee release out Monday.::::::::The GOP-controlled House held a hearing last week to grill Centers for Disease Control and Prevention officials over the Ebola response.::::::::The Ebola outbreak is quickly emerging as a top issue in the midterms, scrambling the political calculus in several races in the final stretch of campaigning. Senate Democrats from Republican-leaning states are under growing pressure to join GOP calls for a ban on travel between west Africa, which is the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak, and the United States.::::::::North Carolina Sen. Kay Hagan is the latest Democrat to back a travel ban, though she initially opposed such a move. Sen. Mark Pryor of Arkansas and Georgia Democratic candidate Michelle Nunn are also supporting a travel ban.::::::::Those defections are ratcheting up pressure on other Democrats -- both vulnerable incumbents and hopeful challengers -- to support a ban that top U.S. and world health officials have said would not be effective and could harm prevention efforts.::::::::The Louisiana GOP issued a statement Friday attempting to goad Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu into supporting a travel ban after her opponent, Rep. Bill Cassidy expressed his support.::::::::It's Hagan's endorsement of the ban, though, that most clearly reflects the political pressure Democrats are feeling as a result of the threat of Ebola -- largely because it came just days after she'd rejected a similar call from her GOP opponent, state House Speaker Thom Tillis.::::::::"That's not going to solve this problem," Hagan said at a press conference early last week. "That's not going to contain the epidemic that we see happening in Africa."::::::::But in a statement Friday Hagan said she had "said for weeks that travel restrictions should be" part of the plan to contain Ebola.::::::::"A temporary travel ban is a prudent step the President can take to protect the American people, and I believe he should do so immediately," Hagan said in the statement released Friday afternoon.::::::::Hagan, Pryor and Nunn are all facing tough challenges from the right and their campaigns are crucial to Democrats' chances of holding on to the Senate.	
http://www.sfgate.com/sports/shea/article/Now-a-Giants-scout-Balboni-says-bye-bye-to-5833602.php	Now a Giants scout, Steve Balboni says bye, bye to K.C. loyalty	SFGate	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 11:37:24 -0700	John Shea	steve balboni;k.c	Photo: Stephen Lam / Special To The Chronicle Advance scout Steve Balboni is a member of the Giants' brain trust that is looking for clues as to how to beat the Royals. Advance scout Steve Balboni is a member of the Giants' brain... Image 2 of 4. Photo: Rich ...	Sentimentality can change with one historic 8-0 run through the postseason. The Royals no longer are that cute little team that zips around the bases and throws gas in the late innings.::::::::Even Steve Balboni sees that. He’s the Giants’ link to Royals’ past glory, a member of Kansas City’s 1985 World Series championship team that beat the Cardinals in the Show Me showdown, thanks in part to umpire Don Denkinger’s blown call in Game 6.::::::::Balboni, a Giants advance scout, was digging the story of the 2014 Royals, who ended the franchise’s 28-year postseason drought, at least until it became obvious they’d win the American League pennant and be the final obstacle to the Giants’ third title in five years.::::::::“I was happy for the Royals,” Balboni said. “Now I’ve got to root against them.”::::::::Balboni has played a key role in the Giants’ three recent World Series runs, gathering information on other teams and distributing it to club officials and coaches who use it to prepare players throughout the postseason.::::::::Balboni also played a key role in the Royals’ only World Series championship season, collecting 36 homers — still the franchise record — and 88 RBIs in a career-high 160 games. The first baseman, known as “Bye, Bye Balboni,” was the biggest power threat in a lineup that included George Brett, Willie Wilson, Frank White and Hal McRae.::::::::The Royals won 91 games and the ALWest and beat the Blue Jays in a seven-game ALCS. Denkinger’s botched World Series call, in the ninth inning of Game6 with the Cardinals leading 1-0 and on the verge of winning it all, turned momentum the Royals’ way.::::::::Denkinger ruled Kansas City’s Jorge Orta safe at first when he clearly was out — back when umpires’ calls were final, before they could be challenged — first baseman Jack Clark’s toss to pitcher Todd Worrell beating Orta to the bag.::::::::Balboni was the next batter. Clark failed to catch his catchable foul popup, and Balboni took advantage of the second chance with a single to left; he was replaced by pinch-runner Onix Concepcion. Then came a force out, a passed ball and an intentional walk. Bases loaded for pinch-hitter Dane Iorg, whose single scored two runs for a 2-1 Kansas City victory.::::::::The Royals pitched Bret Saberhagen in Game7 and rolled to an 11-0 win.::::::::The last time they were in the postseason until now.::::::::“We thought we were going to be back in the playoffs,” Balboni said. “We didn’t think it would be just one time. We had injuries. We lost guys. We thought we’d regroup. It didn’t seem to happen.”::::::::Some players didn’t know how rotten Denkinger’s call was until seeing photos in the next day’s papers.::::::::“It became bigger after,” Balboni said. “When it happened, it looked like (Worrell) came off the bag. If he called him out, we would’ve been arguing.”::::::::The Giants’ other advance scout, Keith Champion — who grew up in the St.Louis area and kids Balboni that the Royals stole the ’85 Series — has been with the Giants the past two postseasons, having replaced Joe Lefebvre (now a hitting coach), who advance-scouted with Balboni in 2010.::::::::“What he was able to pick up in the scouting profession and ultimately be such a big part of the advance team is amazing because he didn’t start his post-playing career as a scout,” general manager Brian Sabean said of Balboni, who initially worked as a minor-league hitting instructor.::::::::“But he has a tremendous ability for attention to detail, really can dissect a game as well as anybody and his recall of the game is unbelievable. There’s a lot going into the note-taking, developing the reports, the final product and being able to speak to anybody on the staff including (manager Bruce Bochy) on anything that needs to be tapped into.”::::::::Realizing the opponents’ strengths, weaknesses and trends allows the Giants to align their defense accordingly, spot a hole in a batter’s swing and possibly anticipate when a pitcher throws a fastball or breaking ball.::::::::Though Balboni and Champion were on the road all season, scrutinizing teams just before the Giants played them, it’s different in the postseason. They’ve accompanied the Giants throughout October, communicating with scouts in the field, including Brian Johnson, Pat Burrell, Mike Kendall, Paul Turco Jr. and Darren Wittcke, who were at the ALCS.::::::::So was Stan Saleski, who served with the Giants since 1998, not long after Sabean became GM. Saleski died on Oct.11. He was 59.::::::::Saleski played at Eckerd College in St. Petersburg, Fla. His teammates included Sabean, Balboni and Lefebvre.::::::::“Just a down-to-earth good guy ... it’s horrible,” said Balboni, adding Saleski took him under his wing when they met at Eckerd. Balboni knew Sabean and Lefebvre in high school in New Hampshire, playing at Manchester Memorial while Sabean and Lefebvre were at rival Concord.::::::::Before and after Game1 in Kansas City on Tuesday, the Giants’ scouting reports will continue to be produced, studied and, presumably, applied. In some cases, how the Giants react to the Royals’ potent running game and late-inning heat could be traced to the work of the Giants’ scouts.::::::::Including an old Royal who helped Kansas City win it all in the team’s last postseason go-around.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/21/world/middleeast/dozens-are-killed-in-attacks-on-shiite-targets-in-iraq.html	Dozens Are Killed in Attacks on Shiite Targets in Iraq	New York Times	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 09:54:52 -0700	Kirk Semple	dozens;killed;shiite targets;iraq	BAGHDAD — Militants unleashed a flurry of attacks against Shiite targets in Iraq on Monday, including a quadruple car bombing near two of the holiest shrines in Shiite Islam, killing a total of 40 and wounding 84, officials said. The four car bombs were ...	BAGHDAD — Militants unleashed a flurry of attacks against Shiite targets in Iraq on Monday, including a quadruple car bombing near two of the holiest shrines in Shiite Islam, killing a total of 40 and wounding 84, officials said.::::::::The four car bombs were detonated in Karbala on the periphery of a pedestrian-only area encircling the shrines of Imam Hussein and Imam Abbas, killing 22 and wounding 51, officials said.::::::::Those attacks roughly coincided with a symbolically important meeting in Najaf, another holy Shiite city in southern Iraq, between Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, Iraq’s top Shiite cleric. The meeting was widely viewed as a demonstration of support for Mr. Abadi. Ayatollah Sistani had not met with Mr. Abadi’s predecessor, Nuri Kamal al-Maliki, for the last few years, which was interpreted by many as a sign of dissatisfaction with the administration.::::::::No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks but suspicion fell most heavily on the Sunni-led Islamic State, which has deployed car bombs and suicide bombers with increasing frequency in recent weeks, most often targeting Shiite neighborhoods.::::::::Two of the cars were in parking lots where worshipers leave their vehicles before walking to the shrines, officials said. The other two were detonated along busy commercial streets, officials said.::::::::Nusaif Jassim, head of the Karbala provincial council, said the attacks were “a response to the progress” of Iraqi security forces in pushing back the Islamic State in the area around Jurf al-Sakhr, a town strategically located on a corridor between Karbala and militant strongholds in Anbar Province.::::::::The jihadists, he said, were trying “to distort the picture of victories.”::::::::The Islamic State has been able to gather support among some Sunnis in part by playing on widespread Sunni mistrust of the Shiite-led government after Mr. Maliki’s highly sectarian approach to governance. Mr. Abadi took office last month on the promise that he would reach out to disaffected Sunni populations.::::::::Mr. Abadi said at a news conference after his meeting with Ayatollah Sistani that the cleric spoke about “the issue of showing more openness to others, national unity, the elimination of corruption and providing the best services to the Iraqi people.”::::::::As for the fight against the Islamic State, Mr. Abadi said, “We are making victories on the ground.” The cleric, he said, “blessed those victories.”::::::::In Baghdad, a man shot and killed a guard standing outside a small Shiite mosque crowded with worshipers during midday prayer, forced his way through the door and shot and killed the imam and a worshiper, witnesses and the authorities said. Then the man detonated an explosives belt concealed beneath his oversized shirt, killing another 15 and wounding 33, the authorizes said.::::::::Haider Ali Hussein, a porter at a nearby utilities shop, said that for security reasons, the mosque was reserved for people from the neighborhood, Sinak. The guard had tried to block the bomber’s entry because he did not recognize him.::::::::“Very good friends of mine, gone in this explosion,” Mr. Hussein said.::::::::The attack was the second against a Shiite mosque in Baghdad this week. On Sunday, a suicide bomber detonated his explosives vest outside a Shiite mosque in the Harthiya neighborhood of western Baghdad, killing 18 people and wounding 35, the authorities said. Two roadside bombs in the capital on Sunday killed another 8 and wounded 12, officials said.::::::::Iraqi officials on Monday were investigating the cause of an early-morning shootout in the darkened streets of the Karrada district of Baghdad. The firefight, which lasted at least 20 minutes, involved a federal police unit and another armed group using assault rifles and a heavy machine gun.::::::::Police officials said the clash erupted as federal police officers were trying to rescue a woman, the daughter of an Iraqi government official, who had been kidnapped by the armed group and was being held captive in a Baghdad hotel.::::::::But the officials disagree on the identity of the armed group: Some said it was Asaib Ahl al-Haq, a feared Iranian-backed militia protected by the government, while others said the kidnappers were a gang of ordinary criminals.::::::::Leaders of the militia did not return phone calls seeking comment. But a top security official in the Iraqi government said that he had been speaking with militia leaders throughout the day. “They denied being involved,” said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the investigation into the firefight was ongoing.::::::::Military officials reported clashes between government forces and the Islamic State around the country, including fighting between the pesh merga, the military of the semiautonomous region of Kurdistan, and militants in districts north, east and west of Mosul, Iraq’s second-largest city, which has been under the control of the Islamic State since June.::::::::Pesh merga forces were also fighting alongside Iraqi government forces in the Qara Taba district northeast of Baquba in Diyala Province, the authorities said. Six militants died in those clashes Monday, as well as one Iraqi police officer and two pesh merga fighters, officials said.::::::::There was also fighting reported outside Tikrit, including in the village of Al Hajaj, north of the city, where government security forces supported by Iraqi aircraft were attacking jihadist militants, officials said.::::::::The Pentagon reported that warplanes from the United States, France and the United Kingdom conducted six airstrikes in Iraq on Monday, including two near Falluja, which has been under Islamic State control since January; three near an oil refinery in Baiji in support of a major Iraqi offensive to break the militants’ siege of the complex; and one south of Baiji. Vehicles, buildings, boats and militants were said to have been hit in the strikes.	
http://time.com/3524685/breaking-bad-toys-r-us-walter-white/?utm_source%3Dfeedburner%26utm_medium%3Dfeed%26utm_campaign%3DFeed%253A%2Btime%252Fscienceandhealth%2B(TIME%253A%2BTop%2BScience%2BStories)	Breaking Bad Action Figures	TIME	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 09:52:47 -0700	Jeffrey Kluger	breaking;figures	In a spectacularly bad bit of judgment, the big box store puts a meth manufacturer on its shelves. Human history is often defined by its very worst pitch meetings. Take the one in 1812, when one of Napoleon's generals told the Great Emperor, “I've got an idea.	Jeffrey Kluger is Editor at Large for TIME.::::::::Human history is often defined by its very worst pitch meetings. Take the one in 1812, when one of Napoleon’s generals told the Great Emperor, “I’ve got an idea. Let’s invade Russia—in the winter!” Or the one in 1985, when the anonymous product developer at Coca-Cola said, “How ’bout we take a product everyone loves, quit making it and replace it with a different formulation no one is asking for! What could go wrong?”::::::::So too it must have gone in the executive suites of Toys R Us, when someone made the compelling case for stocking a brand-new line of action figures based on the wildly successful Breaking Bad series. After all, nothing quite says holiday shopping like a bendable, fully costumed figurine of Walter White—the murderous chemistry teacher turned crystal meth manufacturer—and Jesse Pinkman, his former student and current bag man. And you want accessories? We’ve got accessories—including a duffle bag stuffed with imaginary cash and a plastic bag of, yes, faux crystal meth for White. Pinkman comes with a gas mask, because the folks at Toys R Us are not the kind to forget about corporate responsibility. If your kids are going to grow up to run a meth lab, it’s never too early to teach them basic safety.::::::::It might not surprise you to learn that Toys R Us has faced a teensy bit of blowback from this curious marketing decision. Florida mom Susan Schrivjer has posted a petition on Change.org that has just exceeded 2,000 signatures, demanding that the company pull the products. She also appeared on The Today Show to make her case more publicly.::::::::“Anything to do with drugs is not doing the right thing,” she said. “I just think they need to look at their vision and values as they call them.”::::::::The part that’s more surprising—but sadly only a little—is that even after being called on its appalling lack of judgment, Toys R Us has not responded with the quickest, loudest, most abject oops in corporate history. Instead, it is standing its ground. Why? Because the dolls are sold only in the “adult section” of the store, of course—the ones intended for shoppers 15 and up.::::::::OK, let’s start with the fact that Toys R Us has an adult section at all—something I never knew and I suspect many other parents didn’t either. So what will they stock there next? A line of Toys R Us hard cider? Toys R Us adult literature? A Toys R Us edition of Fifty Shades of Gray—which is really OK because hey, it actually comes with a set of 50 gray crayons? If an adult section must exist at all, at what point does full disclosure require the company to rebrand itself “Toys as Well as Other Things Not Remotely Appropriate For Children But Don’t Worry Because We Keep Them in a Separate Section, R Us”?::::::::More important, let’s look at above-15 as the dividing line for the adult section—a distinction that makes perfect sense because if there’s anything 15 year olds are known for, it’s their solid judgment, their awareness of consequences, their exceptional impulse control and their utter imperviousness to the siren song of drugs and alcohol. Oh, and they never, ever emulate bad role models they encounter on TV, in the movies or among their peers. What’s more, kids below the age of 15 never, ever run wild in a sensory theme park like a big box toy store, finding themselves in departments not meant for them and seeing products they shouldn’t see. Toys R Us, you’ve thought this one out to the last detail!::::::::What the company’s consumer researchers probably know and if they don’t they ought to, is that the brain’s frontal lobes—where higher order executive functions live—aren’t even fully myelinated until we reach our late 20s, which is why young people can be so spectacularly reckless, why soldiers and political firebrands tend to be young and why judges, heads of state and clerical leaders tend to be old. The adult fan of Breaking Bad might actually enjoy the new toys as collectors items–something to be bought or given as a gift with a little twinkle of irony, a this-is-so-wrong-it’s-right sort of thing. But that kind of nuance isn’t remotely within a child’s visible spectrum.::::::::Really, Toys R Us, there is absolutely no surviving this one. Back up the truck, pack up the toys and send them to a landfill. And if you’re even thinking about following this one up with a Boardwalk Empire board game complete with a Nucky Thompson plush toy, stop now. Or at the very least, invite me to the pitch meeting.	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2014/10/20/toyota-airbag-recall-takata/17610199/	Toyota widens airbag recall, warns passengers	USA TODAY	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 11:30:26 -0700	Edt October;P M	toyota;widens airbag recall;warns passengers	Toyota said today it's adding 247,000 vehicles to a previous recall for potentially deadly airbags supplied by Takata, and warning owners not to use the front passenger seat until the cars are repaired. The new action brings to 16 million worldwide the number ...	Toyota said today it's adding 247,000 vehicles to a previous recall for potentially deadly airbags supplied by Takata, and warning owners not to use the front passenger seat until the cars are repaired.::::::::The new action brings to 16 million worldwide the number of vehicles with Takata-supplied airbags since 2008. The defective bags can inflate improperly and blast what amounts to shrapnel through the cover and into the vehicle's occupants.::::::::Takata supplies many automakers, and Honda previously reported two deaths linked to the Takata bag defect. Reuters reports today that two more deaths are believed to be connected to the faulty Takata bags.::::::::The government says 4.74 million U.S.-market vehicles sold by Toyota, Honda, Mazda, BMW, Nissan and General Motors have been recalled in 2013 and 2014 for faulty Takata bags.::::::::Toyota identified the newly added vehicles as Toyota Corolla, Matrix, Sequoia, Tundra and Lexus SC vehicles produced from 2001 to 2004. The vehicles are those specifically sold in the high-humidity areas of southern Florida, along the Gulf Coast, Puerto Rico, Hawaii, U.S Virgin Islands, Guam, Saipan and American Samoa.::::::::The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said Monday: "At this point, the issue appears to be a problem related to extended exposure to consistently high humidity. However, we are leaving no stone unturned in our aggressive pursuit to track down the full geographic scope of this issue."::::::::Toyota's previous recalls for defective Takata bags were in April 2013 and June 2014.::::::::The automaker says it and Takata have studied additional vehicles and the new recall is based on those results. Nobody should ride in the front passenger seat of those vehicles until the recall repairs have been completed, Toyota says.::::::::Toyota says it has no reports of injuries or fatalities related to the condition.::::::::Dealers will replace the front passenger airbag inflators without charge. If they don't have parts in stock, dealers will hang a warning label on the glove box door saying that nobody should ride in the front passenger seat until the cars are fixed.	
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/monica-lewinsky-joins-twitter-article-1.1980449	Monica Lewinsky recalls pain, humiliation after revelation of affair with Bill Clinton	New York Daily News	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 10:42:59 -0700	Adam Edelman	monica lewinsky;bill clinton	Monica Lewinsky was "in love" with former President Clinton, the disgraced former intern revealed Monday. "Sixteen years ago, fresh out of college … I fell in love with my boss," the infamous former White House staffer told a business conference Monday ...	Monica Lewinsky was "in love" with former President Clinton, the disgraced former intern revealed Monday.::::::::"Sixteen years ago, fresh out of college … I fell in love with my boss," the infamous former White House staffer told a business conference Monday during an eye-opening speech about her devastating experience in the public eye following the revelation of her affair with Clinton — her first public address in 13 years.::::::::"Overnight I went from being a completely private figure to a publicly humiliated one. I was patient zero," she said, according to reporters present at the Forbes magazine "30 Under 30" summit, where Lewinsky spoke. "The first person to have their reputation completely destroyed by the Internet."::::::::Lewinsky, now 41, has slowly resumed a media presence this year after more than a decade of silence following the infamous affair.::::::::"There was no Facebook, Twitter or Instagram back then," she said. "But there were gossip, news and entertainment websites replete with comment sections and emails which could be forwarded. Of course, it was all done on the excruciatingly slow dial up. Yet around the world this story went. A viral phenomenon that, you could argue, was the first moment of truly 'social media'."::::::::"Staring at the computer screen, I spent the day shouting: 'Oh my god!' and 'I can't believe they put that in' or 'That's so out of context,'" she said. "And those were the only thoughts that interrupted a relentless mantra in my head: 'I want to die.'"::::::::Lewinsky said she wants to use her experience to combat online harassment and bullying.::::::::"Having survived myself, what I want to do now is help other victims of the shame game survive, too," she said. "I want to put my suffering to good use and give purpose to my past."::::::::Earlier Monday, Lewinsky joined Twitter, quickly amassing, in just hours, nearly 20,000 followers.	
