http://abcnews.go.com/US/indiana-serial-killer-suspect-spree-dates-back-decades/story?id%3D26323371	ABC News: Breaking News & Latest News	ABC News	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 11:06:27 -0700	Abc News	abc;breaking;latest	The man suspected of murdering seven women in Indiana indicated to police that his crime spree dates back two decades, authorities said at a press conference today. Suspect Darren Deon Vann, 43, helped authorities locate the bodies of six victims in Gary, ...	The page you've requested either does not exist or is currently unavailable.::::::::You may use the "Back" button on your browser to return to the previous page, visit the ABCNews.com Home Page, or view the Site Map. You can also search our site by using the search form below.::::::::If you require further assistance, please contact us.	
http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/ebola-virus-outbreak/ebola-america-has-fever-broken-n229916	Ebola in America: Has the Fever Broken?	NBCNews.com	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 11:26:54 -0700		ebola;america;fever broken	It's been 21 days and none of the people in closest contact with Thomas Eric Duncan in the days before he was hospitalized has gotten sick. That includes his fiancée Louise Troh and her children, who were in a small Dallas apartment with an increasingly ill ...	It’s been 21 days and none of the people in closest contact with Thomas Eric Duncan in the days before he was hospitalized has gotten sick. That includes his fiancée Louise Troh and her children, who were in a small Dallas apartment with an increasingly ill Duncan for days, and forcibly kept inside for days afterward.::::::::No one else has carried Ebola into the country yet, and since Wednesday, no more nurses or other health care workers who took care of Duncan have been infected.::::::::What has been seen is what the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other experts predicted would happen — that someone might carry Ebola into the United States, and that they might even infect a few other people. What CDC has always promised is that it would stop there.::::::::“I for one, am quite encouraged by the fact that 21 days have elapsed and Thomas Duncan’s family have not become ill,” said Jennifer Nuzzo, a senior associate at the University of Pittsburgh Medical School’s Center for Health Security. “It’s further evidence of what public health specialists have been saying: that this virus is not easily transmitted.”::::::::Nurses Amber Vinson and Nina Pham had “extraordinary contact” with Duncan and, as in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, they were at the highest risk. People who lived with Duncan, rode in vehicles with him and spoke with him did not catch Ebola.::::::::“It’s starting to show us the science we talked about at the very beginning is working,” said Dallas mayor Mike Rawlings.::::::::Yet schools have closed, teachers and students who might have been in contact with someone who was in contact with a patient have been asked to stay home. Public schools in Moore, Oklahoma, have said they will ask students and an administrator to stay home because they were on a cruise ship with an uninfected — and now cleared — lab worker who handled Duncan’s blood. Doctors say the chance that any of those students could be infected is zero.::::::::Members of Congress continue to demand travel bans even though every expert who knows about such measures has said they not only don’t work, but they could make matters worse. People who have merely traveled to Liberia are asked to stay away from speaking engagements.::::::::The past three weeks have illustrated just how difficult it is to be vigilant about an infectious disease without swerving into overkill. If Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital had been thinking Ebola, Duncan would have been isolated and treated on Sept. 25 and wouldn’t have been so ill when he did start getting treatment.::::::::It’s impossible to say that he may have lived, but experience shows that prompt treatment does raise the survival rate. And now the CDC is planning to issue new, clearer guidelines about what gear nurses and other health care workers should wear to protect themselves.::::::::“I wouldn’t be surprised if the new guidelines today were more streamlined,” Nuzzo said.::::::::And while the CDC’s been lambasted for not having been more forceful with hospitals, former Health and Human Services Secretary Mike Leavitt points out that local officials and even individual hospitals were also supposed to have been on the ball. “States and local governments, not just in Dallas, not just in Nebraska, not just in Bethesda, have got to be prepared for this," Leavitt said on MSNBC’s Daily Rundown.::::::::“As it spreads across Africa the likelihood of it returning to the United States is high and we need to be ready for that.”::::::::More than 9,000 people have been infected in West Africa and while half have been confirmed to have died, the World Health Organization says the numbers are certainly higher. The epidemic is not even close to being under control and aid organizations say the help they’ve been screaming for is slow to arrive.::::::::As long as the epidemic rages, people are likely to carry the virus elsewhere. That doesn’t mean the system has failed, Nuzzo says. “People are on high alert. So finding a case here and there in a hospital is not a case of the system failing but of the system working,” she said.::::::::It may also mean more school closures.::::::::“It’s unfortunate but understandable because people are acting on their emotions,” she said. “If shutting down a school to clean it means people will feel safer going the next day, then it is worth doing.”::::::::Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins has a folksy way of explaining such reactions.::::::::"I've seen and heard of horses spooked by a snake and go running and that's probably a really good idea if you’re a horse,” he told a news conference Monday.::::::::“I’ve seen and heard of horses spooked by a beer can. And beer cans don't usually attack horses often. So there's not much reason for running from a beer can. This is more of a beer can at this point than a snake.”::::::::However, calls for travels bans will also pick up. And if another case appears, it may be more difficult to say no to such calls, says Dr. Peter Hotez, an infectious diseases expert at the Baylor College of Medicine.::::::::“That is something we have to actively fight against,” Nuzzo said. “It may make people feel better but it won’t make them any safer.”	
http://edition.cnn.com/2014/10/20/world/meast/turkey-isis/	Turkey: ISIS-Kurdish fight on border stirs trouble	CNN International	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 11:03:20 -0700	Ivan Watson	turkey;isis-kurdish;border stirs trouble	Gaziantep, Turkey (CNN) -- Turkey made a significant policy shift Monday when it announced it would allow Kurdish Peshmerga fighters from northern Iraq to travel through the Turkish territory to reinforce the besieged Kurdish town of Kobani in northern Syria.	Gaziantep, Turkey (CNN) -- Turkey made a significant policy shift Monday when it announced it would allow Kurdish Peshmerga fighters from northern Iraq to travel through the Turkish territory to reinforce the besieged Kurdish town of Kobani in northern Syria.::::::::The announcement was all the more striking, because earlier this month Turkey's President equated the Kurdish militants defending Kobani to the ISIS fighters who were laying siege to the town. Both the Kurdish and ISIS militants are, in the words of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, "terrorists."::::::::"Turkey feels like it has fallen into the subway tracks and is surrounded by live rails," said Hugh Pope, senior Turkey analyst with the International Crisis Group, a conflict mediation organization. "It is very difficult for Turkey to make any choice."::::::::Turkey to let Iraqi Kurds use its territory to reinforce Kobani::::::::Turkey's historically troubled relations with its own ethnic Kurdish population is one reason Ankara balked at joining the U.S.-led coalition bombing the militants who call themselves the Islamic State.::::::::But Turkey's noninterference policy came at a cost.::::::::The scenes of Kurdish and ISIS fighters locked in a death struggle on the border, as well as the images of more than 100,000 desperate Syrian Kurds fleeing to Turkish territory, triggered spasms of deadly violence between rival factions within Turkey.::::::::Kurdish politicians in Turkey accused the Turkish government of siding with ISIS by refusing to arm Kobani's defenders. Kurds then took to the streets in protest.::::::::More than 30 people were killed in cities around Turkey this month as ethnic Kurds clashed with Islamist and nationalist groups as well as Turkish police.::::::::"All of these constituencies are getting fired up by the scenes on television that they're seeing in the Middle East," said Pope of the International Crisis Group. "This has led for the first time in 20 years to gangs taking to the streets and killing each other."::::::::On Friday, the battle for Kobani was felt at one of Turkey's most elite institutions, Bogazici University.::::::::On a leafy campus overlooking Istanbul's Bosphorus Strait, friends, relatives and fellow academics gathered to remember a 30-year old sociologist named Suphi Nejat Agirnasli.::::::::Agirnasli, a member of Turkey's Marxist-Leninist Communist Party, was reported killed this month in Kobani after he volunteered to join Kurdish militants defending the city.::::::::Mourners waved red communist flags and chanted "ISIS killers" as they marched carrying Agirnasli's portrait through the usually peaceful campus.::::::::Agirnasli's death shocked some Turks, who have felt Turkey's largest city was somehow insulated from the turmoil in the Middle East.::::::::"I never thought that someone from our university would actually go there and get killed," said Suveyda Cil, 19, a Bogazici student. "I never thought I was so close to these situations because it's so far from Istanbul, but now it's so close."::::::::One of Agirnasli's professors said he understood why his former student volunteered to fight alongside the Kurds, even though Agirnasli wasn't a Kurd.::::::::"What's going on in Kobani today is basically kind of a struggle against barbarians ... against people who have no sense of humanity," said Zafer Yenal, the head of Bogazici's sociology department. "Probably (Suphi) Nejat was very shocked. He basically saw this and wanted to be there in some capacity."::::::::An estimated 20% of Turkey's population is made up of ethnic Kurds. Historically, the Turkish government has persecuted and marginalized this community, referring to them for years as "mountain Turks."::::::::In 1984, a group of Marxist-inspired guerrillas calling themselves the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, began fighting an insurgent war against the Turkish state. The conflict would ebb and flow for the next 30 years.::::::::The PKK initially fought to carve an independent Kurdistan out of Kurdish-populated regions of Turkey, Iraq, Syria and Iran. But the bulk of the bloodshed took place in southeastern Turkey, resulting in the deaths of more than 30,000 people over three decades.::::::::The PKK was accused of assassinating teachers, police officers and rival Kurdish activists. Meanwhile, the Turkish security forces demolished hundreds of Kurdish villages in an attempt to destroy support for the separatists.::::::::The United States and European Union joined their NATO ally Turkey in labeling the PKK a terrorist organization.::::::::Since coming to power in Turkey some 12 years ago, Erdogan pushed to open peace talks with the PKK. Meanwhile, the PKK has dropped its demands for an independent state, instead calling for greater autonomy and cultural and linguistic rights within Turkey.::::::::"This peace process is one of the only good things happening in the Middle East today," Pope said.::::::::But the Kobani-related violence inside Turkey has threatened to derail the peace process.::::::::Complicating matters further is that ISIS has found some support within Turkey's majority Muslim society.::::::::Hundreds of Turks are believed to have joined the movement.::::::::Some appeared in propaganda videos urging their countrymen to join ISIS' ranks.::::::::"We have come here to Syria for jihad to practice God's religion, to practice jihad on God's path, and to gain God's sustenance to, God willing, go to his heaven," one bearded man holding a machine gun told the camera in Turkish.::::::::Another unnamed Turkish militant explained in a video why he left his three children behind in Istanbul to join ISIS in Syria.::::::::"When the children are dying here, my conscience did not let me stay and love my children. If you come here, there is dignity, honor, everything is here," the man said. "Instead of staying in Turkey and living in contempt, standing guard here for one night would be better for you."::::::::ISIS supporters have emerged on at least one Istanbul university campus.::::::::On September 26, students filmed more than 10 men wearing masks and carrying clubs yelling, "Allahu Akbar" ("God is great"), in the literature department at Istanbul University. The video then showed these Islamist students attacking leftist students who had been protesting against ISIS.::::::::The International Crisis Group's Pope said that when it comes to ISIS "there's a conflicted feeling in Turkey. There's a condemnation of the methods. At the same time there's a sympathy for the cause."::::::::One Turk strongly sympathizing with ISIS is Ali Osman Zor, a self-described "Islamic revolutionary" and enthusiastic member of the Great Eastern Islamic Raiders' Front.::::::::Zor, who spent several years in prison on terrorism convictions, now edits a magazine published in Istanbul that endorses ISIS.::::::::In an interview with CNN, Zor said he supported ISIS' violent methods, arguing they were a natural response to what he claimed were decades of Western imperialism in the Middle East as well as Kurdish and Shiite Muslim persecution of Sunni Muslims in Iraq.::::::::"We saw one man killed," Zor said, referring to the multiple beheadings and executions ISIS militants filmed on camera and distributed over social media.::::::::"What about all the people killed by U.S. airstrikes? We haven't forgotten about Abu Ghraib," he added, referring to the notorious prison where Americans soldiers were photographed abusing Iraqi prisoners during the U.S. occupation of Iraq.::::::::Pope advises against Turkey being drawn further into the Syrian civil war.::::::::"Turkey has all the fractures you have in the Middle East: the sectarian Sunni-non-Sunni divide, the ethnic divide between Kurds and Turks, the political divide between Islamists and non-Islamists," he warned.::::::::"All these fault lines can break open in a very bad way."::::::::On Monday, a top adviser to the Turkish President defended Ankara's decision not to attack ISIS.::::::::In an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal, deputy secretary-general of the presidency, Ibrahim Kalin, argued instead that the U.S.-led coalition should focus on overthrowing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.::::::::"ISIS's barbaric beheadings and summary executions, horrible and disgusting as they are, should not shadow the war crimes and crimes against humanity perpetrated by Mr. Assad," Kalin wrote.::::::::"Hitting ISIS while ignoring the Assad regime alone is a shortsighted strategy that will not end the bloodshed in Syria and Iraq."	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/2014/10/20/apple-pay-update/17615205/	Apple launches iOS 8.1 update	USA TODAY	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 10:38:46 -0700	Edt October;P M	apple;launches ios	Apple launched a new version of its mobile operating system that will introduce the company's first stab at a payment processing service. The iOS 8.1 update enables support for Apple Pay, which will be available fully on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Apple ...	Apple launched a new version of its mobile operating system that will introduce the company's first stab at a payment processing service.::::::::The iOS 8.1 update enables support for Apple Pay, which will be available fully on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Apple Pay will also be available on iPads for in-app purchases.::::::::The update also includes a beta version of the iCloud Photo Library and the return of the Camera Roll album in photos.::::::::Also, several of the new features tied to operating system OS X Yosemite, launched last week for Macs, will now appear, including Continuity, where users can start a project on one device and quickly pick up on another.::::::::The update requires 2.2 GB of storage to download and install straight from your device. Users can also download the update on their PC or Mac via iTunes, then apply the update.::::::::The last big update for iOS 8 was rocky, knocking out cellular access for multiple phones and prompting Apple to immediately pull the update and replace it with a newer upgrade.	
http://www.cnn.com/2014/10/20/politics/senate-schedules-ebola-hearing/	Senate schedules its own Ebola hearing	CNN	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 11:10:23 -0700	Jeremy Diamond;Eric Bradner	senate schedules;ebola	Washington (CNN) -- Senate Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Barbara Mikulski plans to hold a hearing on the government's handling of the Ebola outbreak on Nov. 6 -- two days after the midterm elections. The hearing will be the first one in the ...	Washington (CNN) -- The Senate will hold a hearing on the increasingly political debate over the government's handling of the Ebola outbreak -- but not until after the midterm elections.::::::::Senate Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Barbara Mikulski will hold an Ebola hearing Nov. 6, two days after Election Day. That will mark the first hearing in the Democratic-led Senate since the first three U.S. cases of the deadly virus were diagnosed in Dallas, according to a committee release out Monday.::::::::The GOP-controlled House held a hearing last week to grill Centers for Disease Control and Prevention officials over the Ebola response.::::::::The Ebola outbreak is quickly emerging as a top issue in the midterms, scrambling the political calculus in several races in the final stretch of campaigning. Senate Democrats from Republican-leaning states are under growing pressure to join GOP calls for a ban on travel between west Africa, which is the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak, and the United States.::::::::North Carolina Sen. Kay Hagan is the latest Democrat to back a travel ban, though she initially opposed such a move. Sen. Mark Pryor of Arkansas and Georgia Democratic candidate Michelle Nunn are also supporting a travel ban.::::::::Those defections are ratcheting up pressure on other Democrats -- both vulnerable incumbents and hopeful challengers -- to support a ban that top U.S. and world health officials have said would not be effective and could harm prevention efforts.::::::::The Louisiana GOP issued a statement Friday attempting to goad Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu into supporting a travel ban after her opponent, Rep. Bill Cassidy expressed his support.::::::::It's Hagan's endorsement of the ban, though, that most clearly reflects the political pressure Democrats are feeling as a result of the threat of Ebola -- largely because it came just days after she'd rejected a similar call from her GOP opponent, state House Speaker Thom Tillis.::::::::"That's not going to solve this problem," Hagan said at a press conference early last week. "That's not going to contain the epidemic that we see happening in Africa."::::::::But in a statement Friday Hagan said she had "said for weeks that travel restrictions should be" part of the plan to contain Ebola.::::::::"A temporary travel ban is a prudent step the President can take to protect the American people, and I believe he should do so immediately," Hagan said in the statement released Friday afternoon.::::::::Hagan, Pryor and Nunn are all facing tough challenges from the right and their campaigns are crucial to Democrats' chances of holding on to the Senate.	
http://www.sfgate.com/sports/shea/article/Now-a-Giants-scout-Balboni-says-bye-bye-to-5833602.php	Now a Giants scout, Steve Balboni says bye, bye to K.C. loyalty	SFGate	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 11:37:24 -0700	John Shea	steve balboni;k.c	Photo: Stephen Lam / Special To The Chronicle Advance scout Steve Balboni is a member of the Giants' brain trust that is looking for clues as to how to beat the Royals. Advance scout Steve Balboni is a member of the Giants' brain... Image 2 of 4. Photo: Rich ...	Sentimentality can change with one historic 8-0 run through the postseason. The Royals no longer are that cute little team that zips around the bases and throws gas in the late innings.::::::::Even Steve Balboni sees that. He’s the Giants’ link to Royals’ past glory, a member of Kansas City’s 1985 World Series championship team that beat the Cardinals in the Show Me showdown, thanks in part to umpire Don Denkinger’s blown call in Game 6.::::::::Balboni, a Giants advance scout, was digging the story of the 2014 Royals, who ended the franchise’s 28-year postseason drought, at least until it became obvious they’d win the American League pennant and be the final obstacle to the Giants’ third title in five years.::::::::“I was happy for the Royals,” Balboni said. “Now I’ve got to root against them.”::::::::Balboni has played a key role in the Giants’ three recent World Series runs, gathering information on other teams and distributing it to club officials and coaches who use it to prepare players throughout the postseason.::::::::Balboni also played a key role in the Royals’ only World Series championship season, collecting 36 homers — still the franchise record — and 88 RBIs in a career-high 160 games. The first baseman, known as “Bye, Bye Balboni,” was the biggest power threat in a lineup that included George Brett, Willie Wilson, Frank White and Hal McRae.::::::::The Royals won 91 games and the ALWest and beat the Blue Jays in a seven-game ALCS. Denkinger’s botched World Series call, in the ninth inning of Game6 with the Cardinals leading 1-0 and on the verge of winning it all, turned momentum the Royals’ way.::::::::Denkinger ruled Kansas City’s Jorge Orta safe at first when he clearly was out — back when umpires’ calls were final, before they could be challenged — first baseman Jack Clark’s toss to pitcher Todd Worrell beating Orta to the bag.::::::::Balboni was the next batter. Clark failed to catch his catchable foul popup, and Balboni took advantage of the second chance with a single to left; he was replaced by pinch-runner Onix Concepcion. Then came a force out, a passed ball and an intentional walk. Bases loaded for pinch-hitter Dane Iorg, whose single scored two runs for a 2-1 Kansas City victory.::::::::The Royals pitched Bret Saberhagen in Game7 and rolled to an 11-0 win.::::::::The last time they were in the postseason until now.::::::::“We thought we were going to be back in the playoffs,” Balboni said. “We didn’t think it would be just one time. We had injuries. We lost guys. We thought we’d regroup. It didn’t seem to happen.”::::::::Some players didn’t know how rotten Denkinger’s call was until seeing photos in the next day’s papers.::::::::“It became bigger after,” Balboni said. “When it happened, it looked like (Worrell) came off the bag. If he called him out, we would’ve been arguing.”::::::::The Giants’ other advance scout, Keith Champion — who grew up in the St.Louis area and kids Balboni that the Royals stole the ’85 Series — has been with the Giants the past two postseasons, having replaced Joe Lefebvre (now a hitting coach), who advance-scouted with Balboni in 2010.::::::::“What he was able to pick up in the scouting profession and ultimately be such a big part of the advance team is amazing because he didn’t start his post-playing career as a scout,” general manager Brian Sabean said of Balboni, who initially worked as a minor-league hitting instructor.::::::::“But he has a tremendous ability for attention to detail, really can dissect a game as well as anybody and his recall of the game is unbelievable. There’s a lot going into the note-taking, developing the reports, the final product and being able to speak to anybody on the staff including (manager Bruce Bochy) on anything that needs to be tapped into.”::::::::Realizing the opponents’ strengths, weaknesses and trends allows the Giants to align their defense accordingly, spot a hole in a batter’s swing and possibly anticipate when a pitcher throws a fastball or breaking ball.::::::::Though Balboni and Champion were on the road all season, scrutinizing teams just before the Giants played them, it’s different in the postseason. They’ve accompanied the Giants throughout October, communicating with scouts in the field, including Brian Johnson, Pat Burrell, Mike Kendall, Paul Turco Jr. and Darren Wittcke, who were at the ALCS.::::::::So was Stan Saleski, who served with the Giants since 1998, not long after Sabean became GM. Saleski died on Oct.11. He was 59.::::::::Saleski played at Eckerd College in St. Petersburg, Fla. His teammates included Sabean, Balboni and Lefebvre.::::::::“Just a down-to-earth good guy ... it’s horrible,” said Balboni, adding Saleski took him under his wing when they met at Eckerd. Balboni knew Sabean and Lefebvre in high school in New Hampshire, playing at Manchester Memorial while Sabean and Lefebvre were at rival Concord.::::::::Before and after Game1 in Kansas City on Tuesday, the Giants’ scouting reports will continue to be produced, studied and, presumably, applied. In some cases, how the Giants react to the Royals’ potent running game and late-inning heat could be traced to the work of the Giants’ scouts.::::::::Including an old Royal who helped Kansas City win it all in the team’s last postseason go-around.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/21/world/middleeast/dozens-are-killed-in-attacks-on-shiite-targets-in-iraq.html	Dozens Are Killed in Attacks on Shiite Targets in Iraq	New York Times	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 09:54:52 -0700	Kirk Semple	dozens;killed;shiite targets;iraq	BAGHDAD — Militants unleashed a flurry of attacks against Shiite targets in Iraq on Monday, including a quadruple car bombing near two of the holiest shrines in Shiite Islam, killing a total of 40 and wounding 84, officials said. The four car bombs were ...	BAGHDAD — Militants unleashed a flurry of attacks against Shiite targets in Iraq on Monday, including a quadruple car bombing near two of the holiest shrines in Shiite Islam, killing a total of 40 and wounding 84, officials said.::::::::The four car bombs were detonated in Karbala on the periphery of a pedestrian-only area encircling the shrines of Imam Hussein and Imam Abbas, killing 22 and wounding 51, officials said.::::::::Those attacks roughly coincided with a symbolically important meeting in Najaf, another holy Shiite city in southern Iraq, between Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, Iraq’s top Shiite cleric. The meeting was widely viewed as a demonstration of support for Mr. Abadi. Ayatollah Sistani had not met with Mr. Abadi’s predecessor, Nuri Kamal al-Maliki, for the last few years, which was interpreted by many as a sign of dissatisfaction with the administration.::::::::No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks but suspicion fell most heavily on the Sunni-led Islamic State, which has deployed car bombs and suicide bombers with increasing frequency in recent weeks, most often targeting Shiite neighborhoods.::::::::Two of the cars were in parking lots where worshipers leave their vehicles before walking to the shrines, officials said. The other two were detonated along busy commercial streets, officials said.::::::::Nusaif Jassim, head of the Karbala provincial council, said the attacks were “a response to the progress” of Iraqi security forces in pushing back the Islamic State in the area around Jurf al-Sakhr, a town strategically located on a corridor between Karbala and militant strongholds in Anbar Province.::::::::The jihadists, he said, were trying “to distort the picture of victories.”::::::::The Islamic State has been able to gather support among some Sunnis in part by playing on widespread Sunni mistrust of the Shiite-led government after Mr. Maliki’s highly sectarian approach to governance. Mr. Abadi took office last month on the promise that he would reach out to disaffected Sunni populations.::::::::Mr. Abadi said at a news conference after his meeting with Ayatollah Sistani that the cleric spoke about “the issue of showing more openness to others, national unity, the elimination of corruption and providing the best services to the Iraqi people.”::::::::As for the fight against the Islamic State, Mr. Abadi said, “We are making victories on the ground.” The cleric, he said, “blessed those victories.”::::::::In Baghdad, a man shot and killed a guard standing outside a small Shiite mosque crowded with worshipers during midday prayer, forced his way through the door and shot and killed the imam and a worshiper, witnesses and the authorities said. Then the man detonated an explosives belt concealed beneath his oversized shirt, killing another 15 and wounding 33, the authorizes said.::::::::Haider Ali Hussein, a porter at a nearby utilities shop, said that for security reasons, the mosque was reserved for people from the neighborhood, Sinak. The guard had tried to block the bomber’s entry because he did not recognize him.::::::::“Very good friends of mine, gone in this explosion,” Mr. Hussein said.::::::::The attack was the second against a Shiite mosque in Baghdad this week. On Sunday, a suicide bomber detonated his explosives vest outside a Shiite mosque in the Harthiya neighborhood of western Baghdad, killing 18 people and wounding 35, the authorities said. Two roadside bombs in the capital on Sunday killed another 8 and wounded 12, officials said.::::::::Iraqi officials on Monday were investigating the cause of an early-morning shootout in the darkened streets of the Karrada district of Baghdad. The firefight, which lasted at least 20 minutes, involved a federal police unit and another armed group using assault rifles and a heavy machine gun.::::::::Police officials said the clash erupted as federal police officers were trying to rescue a woman, the daughter of an Iraqi government official, who had been kidnapped by the armed group and was being held captive in a Baghdad hotel.::::::::But the officials disagree on the identity of the armed group: Some said it was Asaib Ahl al-Haq, a feared Iranian-backed militia protected by the government, while others said the kidnappers were a gang of ordinary criminals.::::::::Leaders of the militia did not return phone calls seeking comment. But a top security official in the Iraqi government said that he had been speaking with militia leaders throughout the day. “They denied being involved,” said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the investigation into the firefight was ongoing.::::::::Military officials reported clashes between government forces and the Islamic State around the country, including fighting between the pesh merga, the military of the semiautonomous region of Kurdistan, and militants in districts north, east and west of Mosul, Iraq’s second-largest city, which has been under the control of the Islamic State since June.::::::::Pesh merga forces were also fighting alongside Iraqi government forces in the Qara Taba district northeast of Baquba in Diyala Province, the authorities said. Six militants died in those clashes Monday, as well as one Iraqi police officer and two pesh merga fighters, officials said.::::::::There was also fighting reported outside Tikrit, including in the village of Al Hajaj, north of the city, where government security forces supported by Iraqi aircraft were attacking jihadist militants, officials said.::::::::The Pentagon reported that warplanes from the United States, France and the United Kingdom conducted six airstrikes in Iraq on Monday, including two near Falluja, which has been under Islamic State control since January; three near an oil refinery in Baiji in support of a major Iraqi offensive to break the militants’ siege of the complex; and one south of Baiji. Vehicles, buildings, boats and militants were said to have been hit in the strikes.	
http://time.com/3524685/breaking-bad-toys-r-us-walter-white/?utm_source%3Dfeedburner%26utm_medium%3Dfeed%26utm_campaign%3DFeed%253A%2Btime%252Fscienceandhealth%2B(TIME%253A%2BTop%2BScience%2BStories)	Breaking Bad Action Figures	TIME	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 09:52:47 -0700	Jeffrey Kluger	breaking;figures	In a spectacularly bad bit of judgment, the big box store puts a meth manufacturer on its shelves. Human history is often defined by its very worst pitch meetings. Take the one in 1812, when one of Napoleon's generals told the Great Emperor, “I've got an idea.	Jeffrey Kluger is Editor at Large for TIME.::::::::Human history is often defined by its very worst pitch meetings. Take the one in 1812, when one of Napoleon’s generals told the Great Emperor, “I’ve got an idea. Let’s invade Russia—in the winter!” Or the one in 1985, when the anonymous product developer at Coca-Cola said, “How ’bout we take a product everyone loves, quit making it and replace it with a different formulation no one is asking for! What could go wrong?”::::::::So too it must have gone in the executive suites of Toys R Us, when someone made the compelling case for stocking a brand-new line of action figures based on the wildly successful Breaking Bad series. After all, nothing quite says holiday shopping like a bendable, fully costumed figurine of Walter White—the murderous chemistry teacher turned crystal meth manufacturer—and Jesse Pinkman, his former student and current bag man. And you want accessories? We’ve got accessories—including a duffle bag stuffed with imaginary cash and a plastic bag of, yes, faux crystal meth for White. Pinkman comes with a gas mask, because the folks at Toys R Us are not the kind to forget about corporate responsibility. If your kids are going to grow up to run a meth lab, it’s never too early to teach them basic safety.::::::::It might not surprise you to learn that Toys R Us has faced a teensy bit of blowback from this curious marketing decision. Florida mom Susan Schrivjer has posted a petition on Change.org that has just exceeded 2,000 signatures, demanding that the company pull the products. She also appeared on The Today Show to make her case more publicly.::::::::“Anything to do with drugs is not doing the right thing,” she said. “I just think they need to look at their vision and values as they call them.”::::::::The part that’s more surprising—but sadly only a little—is that even after being called on its appalling lack of judgment, Toys R Us has not responded with the quickest, loudest, most abject oops in corporate history. Instead, it is standing its ground. Why? Because the dolls are sold only in the “adult section” of the store, of course—the ones intended for shoppers 15 and up.::::::::OK, let’s start with the fact that Toys R Us has an adult section at all—something I never knew and I suspect many other parents didn’t either. So what will they stock there next? A line of Toys R Us hard cider? Toys R Us adult literature? A Toys R Us edition of Fifty Shades of Gray—which is really OK because hey, it actually comes with a set of 50 gray crayons? If an adult section must exist at all, at what point does full disclosure require the company to rebrand itself “Toys as Well as Other Things Not Remotely Appropriate For Children But Don’t Worry Because We Keep Them in a Separate Section, R Us”?::::::::More important, let’s look at above-15 as the dividing line for the adult section—a distinction that makes perfect sense because if there’s anything 15 year olds are known for, it’s their solid judgment, their awareness of consequences, their exceptional impulse control and their utter imperviousness to the siren song of drugs and alcohol. Oh, and they never, ever emulate bad role models they encounter on TV, in the movies or among their peers. What’s more, kids below the age of 15 never, ever run wild in a sensory theme park like a big box toy store, finding themselves in departments not meant for them and seeing products they shouldn’t see. Toys R Us, you’ve thought this one out to the last detail!::::::::What the company’s consumer researchers probably know and if they don’t they ought to, is that the brain’s frontal lobes—where higher order executive functions live—aren’t even fully myelinated until we reach our late 20s, which is why young people can be so spectacularly reckless, why soldiers and political firebrands tend to be young and why judges, heads of state and clerical leaders tend to be old. The adult fan of Breaking Bad might actually enjoy the new toys as collectors items–something to be bought or given as a gift with a little twinkle of irony, a this-is-so-wrong-it’s-right sort of thing. But that kind of nuance isn’t remotely within a child’s visible spectrum.::::::::Really, Toys R Us, there is absolutely no surviving this one. Back up the truck, pack up the toys and send them to a landfill. And if you’re even thinking about following this one up with a Boardwalk Empire board game complete with a Nucky Thompson plush toy, stop now. Or at the very least, invite me to the pitch meeting.	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2014/10/20/toyota-airbag-recall-takata/17610199/	Toyota widens airbag recall, warns passengers	USA TODAY	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 11:30:26 -0700	Edt October;P M	toyota;widens airbag recall;warns passengers	Toyota said today it's adding 247,000 vehicles to a previous recall for potentially deadly airbags supplied by Takata, and warning owners not to use the front passenger seat until the cars are repaired. The new action brings to 16 million worldwide the number ...	Toyota said today it's adding 247,000 vehicles to a previous recall for potentially deadly airbags supplied by Takata, and warning owners not to use the front passenger seat until the cars are repaired.::::::::The new action brings to 16 million worldwide the number of vehicles with Takata-supplied airbags since 2008. The defective bags can inflate improperly and blast what amounts to shrapnel through the cover and into the vehicle's occupants.::::::::Takata supplies many automakers, and Honda previously reported two deaths linked to the Takata bag defect. Reuters reports today that two more deaths are believed to be connected to the faulty Takata bags.::::::::The government says 4.74 million U.S.-market vehicles sold by Toyota, Honda, Mazda, BMW, Nissan and General Motors have been recalled in 2013 and 2014 for faulty Takata bags.::::::::Toyota identified the newly added vehicles as Toyota Corolla, Matrix, Sequoia, Tundra and Lexus SC vehicles produced from 2001 to 2004. The vehicles are those specifically sold in the high-humidity areas of southern Florida, along the Gulf Coast, Puerto Rico, Hawaii, U.S Virgin Islands, Guam, Saipan and American Samoa.::::::::The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said Monday: "At this point, the issue appears to be a problem related to extended exposure to consistently high humidity. However, we are leaving no stone unturned in our aggressive pursuit to track down the full geographic scope of this issue."::::::::Toyota's previous recalls for defective Takata bags were in April 2013 and June 2014.::::::::The automaker says it and Takata have studied additional vehicles and the new recall is based on those results. Nobody should ride in the front passenger seat of those vehicles until the recall repairs have been completed, Toyota says.::::::::Toyota says it has no reports of injuries or fatalities related to the condition.::::::::Dealers will replace the front passenger airbag inflators without charge. If they don't have parts in stock, dealers will hang a warning label on the glove box door saying that nobody should ride in the front passenger seat until the cars are fixed.	
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/monica-lewinsky-joins-twitter-article-1.1980449	Monica Lewinsky recalls pain, humiliation after revelation of affair with Bill Clinton	New York Daily News	Mon, 20 Oct 2014 10:42:59 -0700	Adam Edelman	monica lewinsky;bill clinton	Monica Lewinsky was "in love" with former President Clinton, the disgraced former intern revealed Monday. "Sixteen years ago, fresh out of college … I fell in love with my boss," the infamous former White House staffer told a business conference Monday ...	Monica Lewinsky was "in love" with former President Clinton, the disgraced former intern revealed Monday.::::::::"Sixteen years ago, fresh out of college … I fell in love with my boss," the infamous former White House staffer told a business conference Monday during an eye-opening speech about her devastating experience in the public eye following the revelation of her affair with Clinton — her first public address in 13 years.::::::::"Overnight I went from being a completely private figure to a publicly humiliated one. I was patient zero," she said, according to reporters present at the Forbes magazine "30 Under 30" summit, where Lewinsky spoke. "The first person to have their reputation completely destroyed by the Internet."::::::::Lewinsky, now 41, has slowly resumed a media presence this year after more than a decade of silence following the infamous affair.::::::::"There was no Facebook, Twitter or Instagram back then," she said. "But there were gossip, news and entertainment websites replete with comment sections and emails which could be forwarded. Of course, it was all done on the excruciatingly slow dial up. Yet around the world this story went. A viral phenomenon that, you could argue, was the first moment of truly 'social media'."::::::::"Staring at the computer screen, I spent the day shouting: 'Oh my god!' and 'I can't believe they put that in' or 'That's so out of context,'" she said. "And those were the only thoughts that interrupted a relentless mantra in my head: 'I want to die.'"::::::::Lewinsky said she wants to use her experience to combat online harassment and bullying.::::::::"Having survived myself, what I want to do now is help other victims of the shame game survive, too," she said. "I want to put my suffering to good use and give purpose to my past."::::::::Earlier Monday, Lewinsky joined Twitter, quickly amassing, in just hours, nearly 20,000 followers.	
http://www.cnn.com/2014/10/22/world/americas/canada-ottawa-shooting/	PM: Ottawa 'terrorist' killed soldier 'in cold blood'	CNN	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 17:50:10 -0700	Shoichet Cnn;Ashley Fantz;Catherine E;Josh Levs	pm;ottawa;soldier 'in;cold blood	(CNN) -- A soldier gunned down while guarding a hallowed war memorial and a shootout in the halls of Parliament shocked Canada's capital and left parts of the city on lockdown for hours Wednesday. Parliament member Kyle Seeback called it a "horrific day ...	(CNN) -- A soldier gunned down while guarding a hallowed war memorial and a shootout in the halls of Parliament shocked Canada's capital and left parts of the city on lockdown for hours Wednesday.::::::::And it may not be over yet.::::::::Authorities haven't ruled out the possibility that an additional shooter could be on the loose. And Ottawa Police Constable Chuck Benoit told CNN that there was more than one person involved in the shootings.::::::::"We have to apprehend and arrest the people that are involved in this morning's incident," he said, "and at this time we don't have these people."::::::::Michael Zehaf-Bibeau has been identified by Canadian officials to their American counterparts as the suspected gunman, multiple U.S. officials told CNN.::::::::The gunman was killed after two shooting incidents -- one at the Canada War Memorial, and another just minutes later nearby inside Parliament.::::::::Bibeau, who was born in 1982, was a convert to Islam and had a history of drug use before he converted, two sources said.::::::::His passport had been confiscated by Canadian authorities when they learned he planned to go fight overseas, a U.S. law enforcement official told CNN's Susan Candiotti. The official said it was not clear when that happened.::::::::Canadian broadcaster CBC reported that Bibeau had a record of drug arrests going back 10 years.::::::::Authorities haven't specified whether the same shooter was involved in both shootings, and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper didn't provide details about the investigation in a televised address to the nation Wednesday night.::::::::Cpl. Nathan Cirillo was "murdered in cold blood," Harper said, expressing condolences to the slain Canadian soldier's family.::::::::The soldier appeared to have been shot in the back, said Peter Henderson, a journalist who was at the memorial at the time of the shooting. Other soldiers who were nearby doing drills at the time ran to help, he said.::::::::Investigators haven't provided any possible motives for the shooting.::::::::"In the days to come, we will learn more about the terrorist and any accomplices he may have had, but this week's events are a grim reminder that Canada is not immune to the types of terrorist attacks we have seen elsewhere in the world," Harper said. "Let there be no misunderstanding: We will not be intimidated. Canada will never be intimidated."::::::::Three people brought to The Ottawa Hospital after the shootings have been released, hospital spokeswoman Hazel Harding told CNN. Earlier, they were described as being in stable condition.::::::::Hours after gunshots thundered through the halls of Parliament, forcing people to barricade themselves in offices, police were still scouring the area.::::::::Authorities lifted a safety perimeter in downtown Ottawa Wednesday night, but a police operation was still underway in Parliament Hill and a lockdown there remained in effect.::::::::"If they thought that they had the situation under control, we would have been let out a long time ago. We haven't been. There's still no word on whether we will be," said Josh Wingrove, a reporter for the Globe and Mail newspaper who witnessed the shooting and remained at Parliament Wednesday evening. "This is by no means a situation that is considered over."::::::::Shortly after the shooting at the memorial, a gunman entered the nearby building on Parliament Hill, officials said.::::::::"I heard rapid fire -- gunshots going very loud -- and I figure maybe 20-plus shots within 10 seconds," Canadian Deputy House Leader Kevin Lamoureux told CNN. He was one level below the gunshots.::::::::Gunfire first erupted in the building's foyer. Then a second round of shooting happened about a minute later in a hallway or near the entrance to the Parliament's library, Wingrove told CNN.::::::::Several officers had weapons drawn, he said, and most of the dozens of shots that he heard appeared to have been fired by officers at the gunman.::::::::When the shooting ended, a person was lying motionless on the ground near the library entrance, Wingrove said.::::::::Parliament member James Lunney tweeted: #HOC in Lockdown, lone gunman shot security guard, shot his way down Hall of Honor....we are all safe. Gunman dead! Thnk God & our scrty!"::::::::In Twitter posts, several Canadian lawmakers hailed a top security official as a hero, crediting him with shooting the gunman inside Parliament.::::::::"MPs and Hill staff owe their safety, even lives, to Sergeant at Arms Kevin Vickers who shot attacker just outside the MPs' caucus rooms," Craig Scott, a member of Parliament, wrote.::::::::Canadian authorities have given the name of a suspect to U.S. law enforcement and have asked for FBI assistance in tracing the person's activities, a senior U.S. law enforcement official told CNN. Only one name has been provided, and it is not clear whether the name is genuine or an alias, the official said. The official declined to provide more details, including the suspect's nationality, ethnicity and age.::::::::A U.S. law enforcement official told CNN that a connection to terrorism hasn't been ruled out.::::::::On Monday, a man who Canadian authorities said was "radicalized" killed a Canadian soldier with his car. The man was then shot and killed.::::::::Police: Man who ran down and killed soldier was 'radicalized'::::::::There was no immediate indication that the Monday and Wednesday incidents were related.::::::::In response to the shootings, the North American Aerospace Defense Command, or NORAD, has increased its alert posture, CNN has learned. That means that it has increased the number of planes on a higher alert status ready to respond if needed. NORAD and Canadian authorities are in contact, an official told CNN.::::::::MP Tony Clement tweeted that he heard "at least 30 shots" and apparently was able to take cover with colleagues. He also tweeted that Prime Minister Harper was secure.::::::::Harper was evacuated from the building and is safe, tweeted his press secretary, Carl Vallee.::::::::Hours after the Parliament attack, Harper spoke by phone with U.S. President Barack Obama.::::::::"Obviously, we're all shaken by it," Obama later told reporters, "but we're going to do everything we can to make sure we're standing side by side with Canada during this difficult time."::::::::Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson said that Wednesday was "a sad and tragic day for our city and our country."::::::::"There's no pain greater than losing a loved one -- to have it happen in such circumstances as this morning is beyond expression, and underlined by a sad anger within my heart," he said.::::::::The violence at Parliament comes just days after Canada raised its terror alert Friday.::::::::The suspect in Monday's vehicle attack, Martin Rouleau Couture, reportedly converted to Islam about a year ago. Police arrested him last July and confiscated his passport, but lacked enough evidence to keep him in custody, said Martine Fontaine of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.::::::::"When he was arrested, he was about to go to Turkey," Fontaine said. "We stopped him as he was about to leave Canada for terrorist actions. He was questioned when he was arrested. We have not been able to determine any real threat at this time."::::::::CNN's John Newsome, Pamela Brown, Jason Hanna, Dorrine Mendoza, Dana Ford, Elise Labott, Jim Sciutto, Pam Brown and Deb Feyerick and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-usa-whitehouse-lockdown-idUSKCN0IB2SO20141023	Man arrested after jumping White House fence, causing lockdown	Reuters	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 17:10:34 -0700		white house fence	The White House is seen in front of the Washington Monument (L) and the Jefferson Memorial (R) in Washington May 1, 2011. Credit: Reuters/Gary Hershorn. Related News. Man jumps White House fence, causes lockdown. 7:46pm EDT. Obama says ...	The White House is seen in front of the Washington Monument (L) and the Jefferson Memorial (R) in Washington May 1, 2011.::::::::"Dogs got him," the spokesman said, referring to the intruder.::::::::Video showed Secret Service agents surrounding the man on the north lawn of the White House, which was put on lockdown for about 90 minutes. The man punched one of the dogs that attacked him, as seen in the video.::::::::The incident came roughly a month after an intruder armed with a knife scaled the White House fence and made it inside the executive mansion, raising questions about security levels at the heavily guarded complex and spurring the resignation of then-Secret Service Director Julia Pierson.::::::::The man climbed the fence around 7:15 p.m. and was apprehended shortly thereafter. The lockdown was lifted shortly before 9 p.m.::::::::"The individual was immediately taken into custody on the North lawn of the White House by Secret Service Uniformed Division K-9 teams and Uniformed Division Officers," the spokesman said. K-9 refers to the team using specially trained dogs.::::::::The man was then transported to a hospital for evaluation, the spokesman said.::::::::The latest White House security breach happened the same day a gunman attacked Canada's parliament in Ottawa.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/23/sports/university-of-north-carolina-investigation-reveals-shadow-curriculum-to-help-athletes.html	U.N.C. Investigation Reveals Athletes Took Fake Classes	New York Times	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 18:05:54 -0700	Sarah Lyall	u.n.c;reveals athletes took fake classes	Carol Folt, the university chancellor, with Tom Ross, the university president. She said the fake classes thrived for so long because it was hard for people to fathom that they could even exist. Credit Gerry Broome/Associated Press. Continue reading the main ...	CHAPEL HILL, N.C. — It was November 2009, and alarm was spreading among the academic counselors charged with bolstering the grades of football players at the University of North Carolina. For years the players and others had been receiving A’s and B’s in nonexistent classes on African studies, but the administrator who had set up and run the fake classes had just retired, taking all those easy grades with her.::::::::The counselors convened a meeting of the university’s football coaches, using a PowerPoint presentation to drive home the notion that the classes “had played a large role in keeping underprepared and/or unmotivated players eligible to play,” according to a report released by the university on Wednesday.::::::::“We put them in classes that met degree requirements in which ... they didn’t go to class ... they didn’t have to take notes, have to stay awake ... they didn’t have to meet with professors ... they didn’t have to pay attention or necessarily engage with the material,” a slide in the presentation said. “THESE NO LONGER EXIST!”::::::::Wednesday’s report, prepared by Kenneth L. Wainstein, a former general counsel at the F.B.I. and now a partner of the law firm Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft, found that between 1993 and 2011, two employees in the university’s African and Afro-American studies department presided over what was essentially a “shadow curriculum” designed to help struggling students — many of them Tar Heels athletes — stay afloat.::::::::It is the latest in a series of investigations into the scandal, which first came to public attention three years ago. The revelations have cast a decidedly unflattering light on the university, which has long boasted of its ability to maintain high academic standards while running a top-flight sports program. Until now, the university has emphasized that the scandal was purely academic. On Wednesday, it acknowledged for the first time that it was also athletic, with athletes being steered specifically into and benefiting disproportionately from the fraudulent classes.::::::::The N.C.A.A., which said initially that the scandal had nothing to do with the sports program, has reopened an investigation into the matter.::::::::Chapel Hill’s chancellor, Carol L. Folt, has said that U.N.C. has already established myriad policies to prevent a recurrence, including setting up spot checks to ensure that classes are in fact taking place. She also said that as a result of the report, four employees — including one working at another campus in the North Carolina system— had been “terminated,” and that the university had begun disciplinary proceedings against five others.::::::::Though the report found no evidence that high-level university officials knew about the fake classes, it faulted the university for missing numerous warning signs over many years.::::::::More than 3,100 students, 47.6 percent of them athletes, were enrolled in and received credit for the phantom classes, most of which were created and graded solely by a single employee, Deborah Crowder. Ms. Crowder was a nonacademic who worked as the African studies department’s administrator and who told Mr. Wainstein she had been motivated by a desire to help struggling athletes.::::::::Some of the classes took the form of independent study courses in which the students never met the professor; others took the form of lecture courses in which the classes were supposed to meet at specific times and places but never did. Over time, Ms. Crowder was joined in the scheme by the chairman of the department, Julius Nyang’oro, who became the professor of record for many of the fake classes. Mr. Nyang’oro retired in 2012, after news of the scheme came to light.::::::::Ms. Crowder required students to turn in only a single paper, but the papers were often largely plagiarized or padded with “fluff,” the report said. She generally gave the papers A’s or B’s after a cursory glance. The classes were widely known on campus as “paper classes.”::::::::The report listed myriad examples of the outrageousness of the scheme, which Mr. Nyang’oro continued even after Ms. Crowder’s retirement, offering six additional bogus courses.::::::::Sometimes, the report said, counselors in the Academic Support Program for Student-Athletes explicitly told Mr. Nyang’oro and Ms. Crowder what grades students needed “to remain academically or athletically eligible.”::::::::After skimming a student’s paper, Mr. Nyang’oro “would then assign grades based largely on his assessment of the impact that grade would have on the student’s ability to remain eligible,” the report said.::::::::In the case of Ms. Crowder, the report said that she sometimes negotiated with academic support counselors over individual students’ grades. For example, in Sept. 2008, Jan Boxill, the academic counselor for the women’s basketball team, sent Ms. Crowder a paper to be graded. After promising in an email that “I will try to accommodate as many favors as possible,” Ms. Crowder then expressed some skepticism about the paper.::::::::“Did you say a D will do?” she asked, according to emails released by the university. “I’m only asking because 1, no sources, 2, it has absolutely nothing to do with the assignments for that class and 3. it seems to me to be a recycled paper.” Ms. Boxill responded by saying that “Yes, a D will be fine; that’s all she needs.”::::::::According to Chapel Hill’s web site, Ms. Boxill is currently the director of the university’s Parr Center for Ethics and was recently named the 2015 Warren Fraleigh Distinguished Scholar by the International Association for the Philosophy of Sport.::::::::The university’s head football coach in 2009, Butch Davis, said in Wainstein’s report that he did not recall seeing the PowerPoint slide outlining the benefits of the fake courses.::::::::The papers the students turned in were often woefully bad, according to the report, which asked three outside expert to examine 150 such papers. The review found that in 61 papers, at least 25 percent of the text “was taken verbatim from other sources” and in 26 of those, at least 50 percent was copied from somewhere else.::::::::“For example, in one paper that was ostensibly about the life and work of Nikki Giovanni as it related to larger dynamics in African-American culture, the student had simply written a two-page introduction and a last page of text,” the experts found, according to the report. “The entire rest of the paper in-between those pages is almost nothing other than transcriptions of poems and other texts by Giovanni, formatted to take up maximal space,” the report said.::::::::One thing was made abundantly clear in the report: The fake classes went a long way toward helping athletes overwhelmed by academic demands to remain eligible to play on the Tar Heels teams.::::::::“In the case of 329 students, the grade they received in a paper class provided the ‘GPA boost’ that either kept or pushed their GPA above the 2.0 level for a semester,” the report said. Of those students, 169 were athletes: 123 football players, 15 men’s basketball players, eight women’s basketball players and 26 athletes from other sports. In the fall of 2009, the first semester in more than a decade without Ms. Crowder’s paper classes, the football team recorded its lowest grade-point average in 10 years — 2.121, the report said.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/23/us/blackwater-verdict.html	Blackwater Guards Found Guilty in 2007 Iraq Killings	New York Times	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 17:44:55 -0700	Matt Apuzzo	blackwater guards found guilty;iraq killings	From left: Paul A. Slough, Dustin L. Heard, Nicholas A. Slatten and Evan S. Liberty. Credit Associated Press. Continue reading the main story. Continue reading the main story. Continue reading the main story Share This Page. Email; Share; Tweet; Save; more.	WASHINGTON — Four former Blackwater Worldwide security guards were convicted and immediately jailed Wednesday for their roles in a deadly 2007 shooting in Baghdad’s Nisour Square that marked a bloody nadir in America’s war in Iraq.::::::::A jury in Federal District Court found that the deaths of 17 Iraqis in the shooting, which began when a convoy of the guards suddenly began firing in a crowded intersection, was not a battlefield tragedy, but the result of a criminal act.::::::::The convictions on murder, manslaughter and weapons charges represented a legal and diplomatic victory for the United States government, which had urged Iraqis to put their faith in the American court system. That faith was tested repeatedly over seven years as the investigation had repeated setbacks, leaving Iraqis deeply suspicious that anyone would be held responsible for the deaths.::::::::“This verdict is a resounding affirmation of the commitment of the American people to the rule of law, even in times of war,” said Ronald C. Machen Jr., the United States attorney in Washington. “Seven years ago, these Blackwater contractors unleashed powerful sniper fire, machine guns and grenade launchers on innocent men, women and children. Today, they were held accountable for that outrageous attack and its devastating consequences for so many Iraqi families.”::::::::One defendant, Nicholas A. Slatten, a sniper who the government said fired the first shots, was convicted of murder. The others — Dustin L. Heard, Evan S. Liberty and Paul A. Slough — were convicted of voluntary manslaughter and using a machine gun to carry out a violent crime. A fifth contractor, Jeremy Ridgeway, previously pleaded guilty to manslaughter and cooperated with prosecutors.::::::::Jurors could not reach verdicts on several of the counts against Mr. Heard, but that will have little bearing on the sentencing. The machine-gun charges carry mandatory 30-year minimum prison sentences, more than the manslaughter charges. Mr. Slatten faces possible life in prison. No sentencing date has been set.::::::::The trial was an epilogue to the story of Blackwater, which began as a police- and military-training facility in North Carolina and came to symbolize the country’s outsourcing of its wartime responsibilities.::::::::About 1,000 of Blackwater’s contractors guarded diplomats in Iraq. Others loaded bombs onto Predator drones. The company’s founder, Erik Prince, tapped retired Central Intelligence Agency officials for executive positions, and at one point, the C.I.A. hired Blackwater contractors to covertly track and kill Qaeda operatives worldwide, a program that was shelved before any killings were conducted.::::::::While the company’s security guards were involved in scores of shootings in Iraq, it was the 2007 incident in Nisour Square that helped cement Blackwater’s image as a company that operated with impunity because of its lucrative contracts with the American government. The company became the subject of several Justice Department investigations, all of which the company and its executives survived. But ultimately, public outrage over the shooting contributed to Blackwater’s demise. It lost its contracts and was renamed, sold and renamed again.::::::::Despite their skepticism about the trial, more than two dozen Iraqi witnesses volunteered to travel to Washington to testify. They described a scene of horror and confusion as they took cover from the machine-gun fire coming from American armored trucks. An Iraqi traffic officer described watching a woman cradle her dead’s son’s head on her shoulder, shortly before her own death. A father sobbed uncontrollably as he testified about his 9-year-old son’s death. And witnesses from inside the Blackwater convoy described their former colleagues as firing recklessly on innocent people.::::::::The shooting began shortly after four American armored trucks rolled into Nisour Square on Sept. 16, 2007. The Blackwater contractors said insurgents ambushed them. Their lawyers described the death of innocent civilians as a tragic and unavoidable consequence of urban warfare.::::::::“Nick Slatten is innocent,” his lawyer, Thomas Connolly, said after the verdicts were announced. “We’re disappointed that the jury found otherwise, but the jury’s verdict does not change the reality of what happened — and what didn’t happen — in Nisour Square.”::::::::Prosecutors said the shooting was unprovoked. But with little forensic evidence and no ballistics linking any gunman to any victim, the case came down to the testimony of witnesses. Many told conflicting stories, forcing prosecutors to urge jurors to believe some aspects of their own case and discount others. During their 28 days of deliberations, jurors sent notes to Judge Royce C. Lamberth that hinted they were planning to convict in the case. But the defendants showed little emotion. Three of them arrived late to court. Mr. Heard broke the courtroom silence by popping open a Coke can just before the jury entered. Lawyers, however, said their clients were devastated by the verdicts.::::::::“This was wrong,” said David Schertler, a lawyer for Mr. Heard. “This verdict is incomprehensible.”::::::::The case against the Blackwater guards faced a number of hurdles, many of them of the government’s own making. From the outset, there were indications that State Department officials tried to gather shell casings after the shooting in an effort to protect Blackwater. The State Department also gave the contractors limited immunity after the shooting, which made it significantly harder for the Justice Department to build its case.::::::::A judge threw out all charges in 2009, citing “reckless” government behavior. A new prosecution team salvaged the case but dropped charges against one guard because of a lack of evidence.::::::::Then prosecutors missed a deadline to recharge Mr. Slatten. That is why he alone was charged with murder, which has no statute of limitations.::::::::Susan L. Burke, a lawyer who represented Iraqi victims in a lawsuit against Blackwater, said the conviction sent a message to the world about the power of American courts. “But I don’t think anything can make up for the loss of a family member,” she said.::::::::Blackwater settled the wrongful-death lawsuit for an undisclosed sum.::::::::The criminal trial raised novel legal issues, and the case is expected to wind through the appellate courts for a year or more. One issue — whether the Justice Department had jurisdiction to bring the case at all — could undo the entire case.::::::::Under federal law, the government has jurisdiction for overseas crimes committed by defense contractors or those supporting the Pentagon’s mission. Blackwater was working for the State Department, a distinction that jurors concluded did not matter but which has not been tested.::::::::Defense lawyers are expected to ask an appeals court to let the contractors out of jail while the appeal plays out. “There’s more to be done on this case,” William F. Coffield, a lawyer for Mr. Liberty, said as he left court.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/23/health/us-to-monitor-travelers-from-ebola-hit-nations-for-21-days.html	U.S. Plans 21-Day Watch of Travelers From Ebola-Hit Nations	New York Times	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 17:59:05 -0700	Mcneil Jr;Donald G;Michael D	u.s. plans;watch;ebola-hit	Federal health officials Wednesday placed new restrictions on travelers from West African countries with Ebola outbreaks, requiring that they report their temperatures daily for three weeks, along with any other potential symptoms of the disease.	Federal health officials Wednesday placed new restrictions on travelers from West African countries with Ebola outbreaks, requiring that they report their temperatures daily for three weeks, along with any other potential symptoms of the disease.::::::::The regulations, from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, are meant to monitor everyone at risk of developing Ebola symptoms from an infection acquired overseas, while not shutting the borders and not overwhelming state and local health departments with having to hunt down hundreds of newly arrived visitors.::::::::The announcement came amid good news about two nurses who became infected after treating Thomas Eric Duncan, the Ebola patient who died in Texas on Oct. 8. Family members of one nurse, Amber Joy Vinson, said they had been told that her body was clear of the virus and that she was being moved out of isolation. The other nurse, Nina Pham, had her condition upgraded to good from fair on Tuesday.::::::::The new federal rules take effect next Monday. All travelers who have visited Guinea, Liberia or Sierra Leone will be required to provide home and email addresses, telephone numbers and other contact details for themselves and at least one friend or relative.::::::::Once a day for the next 21 days, they will have to check in with their state or local health departments and report their morning and evening temperatures and list any other symptoms, such as nausea, diarrhea, muscle aches or bleeding.::::::::State and local health departments will be required to have plans for finding and potentially detaining anyone who fails to check in.::::::::On arrival at an airport, each of those travelers will receive a packet with a thermometer, a card describing Ebola symptoms and a card to be given to a doctor or nurse if the traveler develops symptoms and is ordered to go to a hospital.::::::::The new restrictions apply to citizens of every country, including the United States. “They include C.D.C. employees, journalists, everyone,” Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, the executive director of the centers, said in a telephone news conference.::::::::Some members of Congress have demanded a complete ban on arrivals from the three West African countries, but health officials have argued that was unnecessary and would cripple efforts to stop the disease.::::::::In Washington, President Obama praised the C.D.C.’s plan and said the government “would continue to put in place additional measures as they make sense.”::::::::His remarks came after an hourlong meeting with top advisers, including his new “Ebola czar,” Ron Klain, a former chief of staff for Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.::::::::White House aides said Mr. Klain would probably keep a low profile as he coordinated the government’s response to the crisis.::::::::Mr. Obama said Mr. Klain, other aides and the C.D.C. would “systematically and steadily just make sure that every hospital has a plan.”::::::::A series of mistakes at Texas Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas that led to the infection of two nurses called into question American hospitals’ Ebola preparedness.::::::::Separately, a senior official in the Department of Health and Human Services said the government was creating a network of “maybe up to 20” hospitals to which Ebola victims could be safely sent, in addition to the handful with special isolation units to which other Ebola patients, like the nurses, have been transferred.::::::::In a phone call with hospital administrators, Dr. Nicole Lurie, the department’s chief of preparedness, said the intent was to make sure that an Ebola victim anywhere in the country was no more than an eight-hour ambulance ride from a hospital with a staff trained to handle Ebola patients.::::::::Public health officials like Dr. Frieden have said that a complete travel ban would do more harm than good. Pilots and others ferrying supplies and personnel to the three countries must be able to fly in and out, and the heads of medical charities and the American military supervising troops need the same flexibility. Dr. Frieden himself visited all three countries in August.::::::::Also, if doctors and nurses could not come home from working there, they would be unlikely to volunteer to go.::::::::Under the new rules, they will be able return but must be monitored.::::::::The rules will be enforced starting Monday in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia and Georgia — the destinations for about 70 percent of all travelers from West Africa — and rolled out in other states soon after, Dr. Frieden said.::::::::The Department of Homeland Security recently announced that all travelers to the United States who have visited the three West African countries must enter through one of five international airports where health officials are stationed to take their temperatures and travel histories and get their contact details.::::::::They include Kennedy International in New York, Newark Liberty International, Washington Dulles International, O’Hare International in Chicago and Hartsfield-Jackson International in Atlanta. Those airports account for 94 percent of all arrivals from the affected countries.::::::::About 150 travelers whose trips originated in those countries arrive in the United States each day — or about 3,000 in any 21-day period, Dr. Frieden said.::::::::He said it was important to sort out travelers with routine illnesses from those who might have Ebola; especially as flu season begins, some travelers without Ebola are likely to develop common symptoms like fever, nausea and vomiting.::::::::As doctors who have worked in the three countries have pointed out, visitors can return with more common but still serious illnesses such as malaria or Lassa fever. Such patients need to get to hospitals quickly, and monitoring them could speed that process.::::::::The legal power to impose the new restrictions exists in federal law controlling the borders and in state and local laws, which usually give health officials very wide latitude to take measures to stop the spread of infectious diseases.::::::::Nigeria recently quenched its Ebola outbreak, in which one traveler from Liberia infected 19 Nigerians, seven of whom died. Health workers tracked nearly 900 people who had contact with Ebola victims, making nearly 18,500 home visits, taking temperatures twice daily for 21 days.::::::::Home visits are not necessary for all returning travelers, Dr. Frieden said, but could be for people who were definitely in contact with Ebola victims. It would be up to state health departments to decide how to enforce restrictions. For example, he said, travelers might be required to report in via a service like Skype or FaceTime, which would allow health officials to see what travelers look like.::::::::If a traveler who has been in one of the three West African countries within 21 days arrives at a port of entry that is not one of the five designated arrival airports, Dr. Frieden said, they will be held there until the same screening could be done.	
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-29734455	Ebola: Obama 'optimistic' on virus situation in US	BBC News	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 17:44:18 -0700		ebola;obama;virus situation	President Barack Obama has expressed cautious optimism about the Ebola situation in the US, as new screening rules were introduced in the country. He said many relatives of the only known person to have died of the virus in America seemed to be out of ...	President Barack Obama has expressed cautious optimism about the Ebola situation in the US, as new screening rules were introduced in the country.::::::::He said many relatives of the only known person to have died of the virus in America seemed to be out of danger.::::::::Mr Obama said there were "modest signs" of progress in Liberia - the hardest-hit nation in West Africa.::::::::The known death toll is now 4,877 - a rise of 322 since last week's report by the World Health Organization.::::::::Most of the victims died in three West African nations - Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone.::::::::President Obama's comments came on Wednesday after his meeting with the head of America's newly formed Ebola response team, Ron Klain.::::::::Mr Obama noted that relatives of Thomas Eric Duncan - the only virus victims in the US - had now been freed from quarantine in Texas.::::::::He also said two nurses infected as a result of treating Mr Duncan "seem to be doing better".::::::::In a separate development, new rules have now come into force requiring air passengers from Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea to travel via O'Hare in Chicago, JFK, Newark, Washington's Dulles or Atlanta airports, where they would undergo enhanced screening.::::::::"The prospect of an outbreak here is very low," President Obama said.::::::::He added that there were "modest signs of progress" in Liberia and mentioned that a declaration by WHO that Nigeria was now Ebola-free was a hopeful sign.::::::::In Britain the Church of England's second-highest cleric, Archbishop of York John Sentamu, urged churchgoers in West Africa not to meet "in big numbers" because of the infection risk.::::::::"Don't think that by not going to church because you are infected somehow there will be a bolt from the blue really smashing your head," he said.::::::::How not to catch Ebola:::::::::What virus has hit - in maps::::::::Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story? You can email your experiences to haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk::::::::[an error occurred while processing this directive]	
http://online.wsj.com/articles/north-korean-detainee-jeffrey-fowle-reunited-with-family-in-ohio-1413985976	American Freed by North Korea Reunites with Family	Wall Street Journal	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 06:53:18 -0700	Felicia Schwartz;Felicia Schwartz Wsj Com	freed;korea reunites	Jeffrey Fowle is greeted by family members on his arrival at Wright-Patterson Airforce Base on Wednesday morning in Dayton, Ohio. David Kohl/Associated Press. WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, Ohio—An Ohio man detained for nearly half a year ...	WASHINGTON—An American man freed by North Korea after several months in detention has returned home to Ohio to a reunion with his family.::::::::Jeffrey Fowle, 56, traveling on a military plane, landed at 6:45 a.m. at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio, said Laura McGowan, a spokeswoman for the base. Mr. Fowle was greeted by his family when he landed, officials said.::::::::Mr. Fowle’s three children didn’t know why they were...	
http://www.sfgate.com/giants/article/Jake-Peavy-getting-a-lot-of-advice-on-facing-5838570.php	Jake Peavy getting a lot of advice on facing Royals	SFGate	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 17:32:01 -0700	Henry Schulman	jake peavy;royals	Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle San Francisco Giants' Jake Peavy heads to the field before the Giants play the Kansas City Royals in Game 1 of the World Series at Kauffman Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri on Tuesday, October 21, 2014.	KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Jake Peavy will get by with a lot of help from his friends in Game2 on Wednesday night.::::::::Peavy did not face the Royals for the Red Sox this season before being traded to San Francisco, so several of his former teammates have been texting him with advice.::::::::“In all those texts, it was about how to beat the Kansas City Royals, and different bits,” Peavy said. “A tidbit from Dustin Pedroia talking about positioning of your middle infielders, to prevent them from making the slides they want to take, to my pitching buddies talking about pitches and what to go to, when and where.::::::::“They’re feeling a part of the preparation because they know what I’m going through now in trying to put together a game plan, and they’re all helping. It means a lot because there is no better advice that you can get than from your peers who have lived it and played against the same Royals team as well.”::::::::Whatever Peavy did in 2013 did not work. He faced Kansas City twice and allowed seven runs in 11 innings.::::::::Manager Bruce Bochy said he and the staff are using Peavy as a resource, saying, “It’s obvious we’ve asked him a lot of questions.”::::::::Short bench: With Michael Morse as the designated hitter, and the Giants not adding a position player for the Series, Bochy has a four-man bench consisting of Andrew Susac, Matt Duffy, Juan Perez and Joaquin Arias for the games in Kansas City. It’s effectively a three-man bench, because Bochy is reluctant to use his backup catcher as a pinch-hitter early in the game.::::::::Bochy will face a conundrum if Morse reaches base late in a game with the Giants down a run or two. If Bochy uses Perez to run for Morse, then puts Perez in left field, he will lose the DH.::::::::Bochy said he will not let that stop him from using Perez that way if he feels the need for Perez’s speed.::::::::Strickland returns: With the Giants leading by six runs after Javier Lopez pitched a scoreless eighth inning, Bochy gave the ninth to Hunter Strickland, who had allowed four homers to left-handed hitters in the earlier rounds.::::::::Bochy no doubt wanted to see how Strickland would look against lefty Eric Hosmer after altering his delivery slightly to ensure he was not tipping pitches.::::::::After striking out right-handed-hitting Lorenzo Cain, Strickland got Hosmer to roll over on a ball and ground out to second base. The rookie then ended the game by striking out pinch-hitter Josh Willingham.::::::::“It was awesome, especially after I gave up a couple of homers,” Strickland said. “I was honored that Bochy gave me the chance again.”::::::::Briefly:Pablo Sandoval reached base for the 24th consecutive postseason game, matching the fourth-longest streak in history. Miguel Cabrera holds the record at 31. ... The Giants’ seven-game World Series winning streak matches the sixth-longest ever. The Yankees hold the record at 14. ... Tim Lincecum, absent on the mound this postseason, also was absent for pregame introductions. He said he was late coming out of the training room to get dressed and did not want to run onto the field after the whole team was out there.	
http://www.sfgate.com/nation/article/News-of-the-day-from-across-the-nation-Oct-23-5841164.php	News of the day from across the nation, Oct. 23	SFGate	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 17:32:35 -0700		oct.	1 Ferguson shooting: Michael Brown's official autopsy shows the 18-year-old was shot in the hand at close range during a struggle with the Ferguson police officer who fatally shot him, two experts said in a published report Wednesday. Brown and officer ...	News of the day from across the nation, Oct. 23::::::::Ferguson shooting: Michael Brown’s official autopsy shows the 18-year-old was shot in the hand at close range during a struggle with the Ferguson police officer who fatally shot him, two experts said in a published report Wednesday. Brown and officer Darren Wilson struggled inside Wilson’s SUV on Aug. 9 and Brown was shot once in the hand. Brown was killed outside the vehicle. Brown family attorney Benjamin Crump said on Wednesday that the autopsy offers no insight into why Wilson killed Brown.::::::::Child poverty: Child poverty in America is at its highest point in 20 years, putting millions of children at increased risk of injuries, infant mortality and premature death, says a policy analysis in this week’s edition of the journal JAMA Pediatrics, based in Seattle. As the U.S. emerges from the worst recession since the Great Depression, 25 percent of children don’t have enough food to eat and 7 million kids still don’t have health insurance, the report says. Even worse: Five children die daily by firearms, and one dies every seven hours from abuse or neglect.::::::::U-boat found: Researchers have found the wrecks of a Nazi U-boat and the ship it sank during a World War II convoy. A research team using sonar found the wrecks of U-boat 576 and the freighter Bluefields on Aug. 30 in waters off Cape Hatteras. The U-boat had attacked the Bluefields, which was operating under the flag of Nicaragua and was part of a convoy of 19 merchant ships. The U.S. Navy and Coast Guard were escorting the ships from Norfolk, Virginia, to Key West, Florida, when the U-boat attacked on July 15, 1942, sinking the Bluefields. A U.S. aircraft bombed the U-boat and a merchant ship attacked with a deck gun. All 45 men aboard the U-boat died and are believed entombed in the shipwreck; no one on the Bluefields was killed.::::::::Student loans: The Education Department has loosened credit requirements for a federal student loan program used by parents and graduate students. A new regulation announced Wednesday updates the definition of adverse credit history as it pertains to the federal PLUS loan program. Under the rule, a potential borrower with overdue debt less than $2,085 is considered not to have adverse credit history. Others may still be able to participate if they pass additional steps, but must participate in loan counseling.::::::::Gay veteran: A U.S. Navy veteran can be buried with the ashes of her late partner in a southwest Idaho military cemetery after the state legalized gay marriage. “It’s done,” 74-year-old Madelynn Lee Taylor said Wednesday after completing paperwork to be buried at Idaho State Veterans Cemetery in Boise. Taylor was previously denied permission to have her ashes interred with Jean Mixner because of Idaho’s ban on same-sex marriage. The cemetery is owned and operated by the state. Same-sex marriage became legal in the state on Oct. 15 when the ban was lifted by courts that determined it was unconstitutional.	
http://online.wsj.com/articles/mexico-mayor-wife-linked-to-attack-on-students-mexican-attorney-general-says-1414026185	Mexico Mayor, Wife Linked to Attack on Students, Mexican Attorney General Says	Wall Street Journal	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 18:03:47 -0700	Jos De C Rdoba	mexico;wife linked;attack;mexican attorney;says	The wife and fugitive mayor of Iguala, Mexico, where 43 students were abducted, are the main suspects in their disappearance, officials said. Agence France-Presse/Getty Images. MEXICO CITY—The wife and fugitive mayor of the city where 43 students were ...	MEXICO CITY—The wife and fugitive mayor of the city where 43 students were abducted last month are the main suspects in the still unsolved disappearance of the students, a top Mexican official said Wednesday.::::::::Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam said officials are searching for Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca and his wife Maria de los Angeles Pineda. The couple disappeared shortly after Iguala police killed six people, and detained 43...	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/23/world/americas/canada-worries-as-extremism-lures-more-abroad.html	Canada Worries as Extremism Lures More Abroad	New York Times	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 20:41:01 -0700	Marc Santora	canada worries;extremism lures;abroad	In Prime Minister Stephen Harper's address to the nation, he acknowledged that Canada was not immune to terrorism, but emphasized that there would be no safe haven for those who threaten the country. Video by Reuters on Publish Date October 22, 2014.	In January 2013, strewn amid the rubble and debris left after a terrorist attack on a gas plant in the Algerian desert were the remains of two men who had traveled far from home to wage what they viewed as a holy war.::::::::The men had been friends in high school in Ontario, Canada, before they set off on a journey in 2011 that would take them to Morocco, Mauritania, a terrorist training camp in Mali and, ultimately, to their deaths in the sands of Algeria.::::::::The forces that drove the men, Xris Katsiroubas and Ali Medlej, from their sedate life in Canada have only gathered momentum since then, both in Canada and in other Western nations.::::::::In recent months, more than 100 Canadians have sought out conflicts in foreign lands from Somalia to Syria, according to a government report.::::::::The threat was brought home for Canadians first on Monday, when a man who was inspired by Islamic extremists based overseas used his car to run down and kill a soldier in Quebec. The man was later killed by the police.::::::::On Wednesday, Ottawa, the country’s capital, was locked down after a gunman shot and killed a soldier at a war memorial and then stormed the nation’s Parliament building. The gunman, who himself was fatally shot, was identified by the authorities as a young man who had recently converted to Islam.::::::::Prime Minister Stephen Harper, who spoke to the nation from an undisclosed location on Wednesday evening, said that while the motive behind the attack that day was under investigation, the act had clearly been meant to terrorize. He said the attack was a “grim reminder” of the threats that the country faces.::::::::Like other Western nations, Canada is struggling both to understand the phenomenon and to ensure that extremists who return home cause no harm.::::::::Its efforts took on added urgency after American-led airstrikes in Iraq and Syria against the extremist group called the Islamic State.::::::::Mr. Harper has been a staunch defender of the effort to destroy the Islamic State, also known as ISIS. On Oct. 8, Canadian lawmakers voted to authorize the nation’s military to participate in the strikes in Iraq.::::::::“If left unchecked, this terrorist organization will grow and grow quickly,” Mr. Harper said when the measure passed. “They have already voiced their local and international terrorist intentions and identified Canada as a potential target.”::::::::Mr. Harper was referring to comments made by Abu Muhammad al-Adnani, an Islamic State spokesman, who sought to rally fighters to the group’s cause and urged individual Muslims to attack civilians.::::::::Mr. Adnani exhorted them to “kill a disbelieving American or European — especially the spiteful and filthy French — or an Australian, or a Canadian, or any other disbeliever from the disbelievers waging war, including the citizens of the countries that entered into a coalition against the Islamic State.”::::::::The threat of a “lone wolf” attack is a top concern for Western security agencies, including Canada’s. “Terrorism remains the leading threat to Canada’s national security,” wrote Steven Blaney, minister of public safety and emergency preparedness, in a September report on the terrorist threat to the country.::::::::“As of early 2014, the government was aware of more than 130 individuals with Canadian connections who were abroad and who were suspected of terrorism-related activities,” the report said.::::::::While the idea that individuals are leaving their country of residence to take up arms in a foreign conflict is hardly new or unique to Canada, the report found that the number of people choosing to do so had picked up pace in recent months.::::::::The report said Canadians had engaged in “training, fund-raising, promoting radical views and even planning terrorist violence.”::::::::“Some extremist travelers remain abroad,” the report said. “Others have returned to Canada, while still others are presumed dead.” It said at least 30 “individuals with a Canadian connection” were involved in terrorist-related activity in Syria.::::::::Michel Coulombe, the director of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service, told lawmakers this month that the authorities were also looking into the activities of 80 people who had been radicalized, had traveled overseas and had returned home.::::::::He said the government knew who these individuals were and where they were.::::::::But he also cautioned calm, saying there was no intelligence indicating an imminent attack.::::::::Nearly two weeks later, a man in Quebec turned his car into a deadly weapon, running over and killing a warrant officer and injuring a soldier.::::::::It soon emerged that the driver of the car, Martin Rouleau-Couture, had been under watch by the police and had his passport seized after he tried to fly to Turkey to join the Islamic State.::::::::He was one of 90 people being monitored as a part of 63 active national security investigations, according to Bob Paulson, the commissioner for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.::::::::“He was part of our investigative efforts to try and identify those people who might commit a criminal act of traveling abroad for terrorist purposes,” Mr. Paulson said.	
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/white-house-fence-jumper-caught-k-9-units-article-1.1983964	White House intruder Dominic Adesanya scales fence, caught by K-9 units after kicking one	New York Daily News	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 20:13:16 -0700	Bill Hutchinson	white house intruder;dominic adesanya;scales fence;k-9	An intruder scaled the White House fence Wednesday but was quickly pounced on by guard dogs in the latest scare since an armed man made into the executive mansion last month. Secret Service officials said Dominic Adesanya, 23, of Bel Air, Maryland, ...	An intruder scaled the White House fence Wednesday but was quickly pounced on by guard dogs in the latest scare since an armed man made into the executive mansion last month.::::::::Secret Service officials said Dominic Adesanya, 23, of Bel Air, Maryland, climbed over the fence near the North Lawn of the White house at 7:16 p.m. but was quickly subdued by K-9 units.::::::::Adesanya kicked one of the dogs, but a second one stopped him and Secret Service agents tackled him, officials said.::::::::Video footage released Wednesday night showed the man in white shorts and a dark shirt kicking and punching one of the dogs before agents arrested him.::::::::The White House was put on lockdown. The incident occurred shortly after President Obama met with senior advisors in the Oval Office.::::::::“The individual was immediately taken into custody on the North lawn of the White House by Secret Service Uniformed Division K-9 teams and Uniformed Division Officers,” the Secret Service spokesman said.::::::::Adesanya was taken to a local hospital for evaluation, the spokesman said.::::::::The Washington Times reported that two Secret Service dogs were injured in the incident and were taken to a veterinarian for treatment.::::::::The security breach comes as Omar Gonzalez, 42, a retired U.S. soldier who served in Iraq, scaled the on Sept. 19, entered the White House through an unlocked door and made it to the East Room before Secret Service agents tackled him. Officials said Gonzalez was armed with a serrated knife at the time.::::::::The incident came after several security breaches at the White House and prompted the resignation of Secret Service Director Julia Pierson.::::::::ON A MOBILE DEVICE? CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE VIDEO OF THE JUMPER REPORTEDLY KICKING ONE OF THE DOGS. CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE VIDEO OF THE STORY.	
http://www.wncn.com/story/26860599/wainstein-surprised-unc-problems-lasted-19-years	CHAPEL HILL: Wainstein 'surprised' UNC problems lasted 19 years	WNCN	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 20:01:32 -0700	Dane Huffman;Wncn News	chapel hill;wainstein;unc	Durham police said a man died Wednesday after he was found unresponsive inside a vehicle on East Weaver Street. Durham police said a man died Wednesday after he was found unresponsive inside a vehicle on East Weaver Street.	Investigator Kenneth Wainstein said University of North Carolina basketball coach Roy Williams was not aware that some basketball players were taking paper classes in the African and Afro-American Studies department.::::::::Investigator Kenneth Wainstein said University of North Carolina basketball coach Roy Williams was not aware that some basketball players were taking paper classes in the African and Afro-American Studies department.::::::::UNC students, faculty and staff had the opportunity Wednesday to ask questions to the university's administration about a report on academic fraud.::::::::UNC students, faculty and staff had the opportunity Wednesday to ask questions to the university's administration about a report on academic fraud.::::::::UNC students, faculty and staff had the opportunity Wednesday to ask questions to the university's administration about a report on academic fraud.::::::::UNC students, faculty and staff had the opportunity Wednesday to ask questions to the university's administration about a report on academic fraud.::::::::UNC Chapel Hill administrators field questions from students and faculty in regard to a report on academic irregularities.::::::::UNC Chapel Hill administrators field questions from students and faculty in regard to a report on academic irregularities.::::::::Three robbery suspects were apprehended in South Carolina after police said they used sledgehammers to aid in robbing a Fayetteville jewelry store.::::::::Three robbery suspects were apprehended in South Carolina after police said they used sledgehammers to aid in robbing a Fayetteville jewelry store.::::::::Three robbery suspects were apprehended in South Carolina after police said they used sledgehammers to aid in robbing a Fayetteville jewelry store.::::::::Three robbery suspects were apprehended in South Carolina after police said they used sledgehammers to aid in robbing a Fayetteville jewelry store.::::::::Durham police said a man died Wednesday after he was found unresponsive inside a vehicle on East Weaver Street.::::::::Durham police said a man died Wednesday after he was found unresponsive inside a vehicle on East Weaver Street.::::::::Durham police said a man died Wednesday after he was found unresponsive inside a vehicle on East Weaver Street.::::::::Durham police said a man died Wednesday after he was found unresponsive inside a vehicle on East Weaver Street.::::::::A legal expert said the nine counselors and staff at the University of North Carolina disciplined or fired from the released of Kenneth Wainstein's investigation acted unethically but not necessarily illegally.::::::::A legal expert said the nine counselors and staff at the University of North Carolina disciplined or fired from the released of Kenneth Wainstein's investigation acted unethically but not necessarily illegally.::::::::A legal expert said the nine counselors and staff at the University of North Carolina disciplined or fired from the released of Kenneth Wainstein's investigation acted unethically but not necessarily illegally.::::::::A legal expert said the nine counselors and staff at the University of North Carolina disciplined or fired from the released of Kenneth Wainstein's investigation acted unethically but not necessarily illegally.::::::::Investigator Kenneth Wainstein delivered the stunningly thorough details of his investigation into the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill academic scandal Wednesday afternoon, a report that states Carolina athletes were steered to "paper classes" in the African and Afro-American Studies department and that the problems were more widespread than previously believed.::::::::The report touched on the root of the problem, which stemmed from one department, the involvement of key athletic programs like basketball and football. Wainstein also said the school had "blind spots" that led it to believe a scandal of this magnitude wasn't possible at such an elite university.::::::::"What really surprised me was that we had an office administrator in one department able to come up with a scheme, implement it and it lasted for 19 years before it was detected," Wainstein said.::::::::UNC Chancellor Carol Folt said four people were terminated as a result of the report and five faced disciplinary review. She did not identify them.::::::::The report also said the problems were more widespread than previously believed. Wainstein's report said the paper classes affected 3,100 students -- 47.6 percent of them athletes - out of 97,600 undergraduate students.::::::::Wainstein is a partner with the Washington, D.C., law firm Cadwalader, Wickersham, & Taft. He was brought in to give an independent assessment of the problem after there were continuing concerns about the extent of the scandal. He met with the UNC system Board of Governors Wednesday morning to deliver his report.::::::::According to the report, two people within the department formerly known as African and Afro-American Studies -- Julius Nyang'oro and Deborah Crowder -- were responsible for offering hundreds of irregular classes at UNC-Chapel Hill between 1993 and 2011.::::::::The so-called "paper classes," or no-show classes, had no class attendance or faculty involvement, and Crowder, a non-faculty administrator, managed the classes and graded the papers.::::::::Many athletes were directed to the classes by academic counselors in the Academic Support Program for Student-Athletes as a way to keep the students eligible. Academic advisers in the Office of Academic Advising also directed some non-athlete students to these courses.::::::::Various university personnel were aware of red flags, yet did not ask questions, Wainstein said.::::::::Wainstein's report found no indication of any problems beyond the African and Afro-American Studies program. The report also said no current coaches were involved or fully aware of any wrongdoing.::::::::Wainstein said the problems started with Crowder, a former UNC student who later joined the staff of the school in the African and Afro-American Studies program.::::::::"She had a somewhat unhappy experience here [as an undergraduate]," Wainstein said. "She felt the school paid too much attention to the best and the brightest and not those who felt adrift."::::::::Wainstein said Crowder, who retired in 2009, "wanted to do something to remedy that situation. She wanted to help students who were having difficulty in college."::::::::Wainstein said Crowder couldn't really do that, because there was rigorous oversight, until Julius Nyang'oro took over as chair in 1992. Wainstein said Nyang'oro had a "hands off" approach and he was often off campus. Wainstein also said Nyang'oro was sympathetic to students who were having a hard time, and that he had a couple of students, who were athletes, who left school -- one ending up in jail and one being murdered.::::::::Nyang'oro's approach allowed Crowder to have more authority, and in fact she started to grade the paper classes that athletes took.::::::::"It was well-known on campus that Deborah Crowder was a lax grader," Wainstein said.::::::::Wainstein said the investigation analyzed 150 papers and more than half were not original work.::::::::Wainstein said Crowder "tried to mask" what she was doing, but that five student-athlete counselors knew the classes were "GPA boosters."::::::::He said that when Crowder announced she would retire, some academic advisers encouraged athletes to take Crowder's paper classes. And one football counselor advised players to get a paper in early in summer school so Crowder could grade them before retirement.::::::::Wainstein said the football program knew of the problem, and that some student advisers event held a meeting with the coaching staff to say some players could have a hard time staying eligible once Crowder retired.::::::::Crowder will not face charges after agreeing to cooperate with authorities.::::::::As far as the basketball program, Wainstein said his team interviewed both UNC coach Roy Williams and former coach Matt Doherty.::::::::Wainstein said Doherty said his staff was aware the African and Afro-American Studies program seemed to be "the easiest department on campus," but that he didn't realize some classes were shams.::::::::Wainstein said he and his staff interviewed Williams "at length on two different occasions."::::::::Williams, when he came from the University of Kansas in 2003, brought coach Joe Holladay with him as well as academic adviser Wayne Walden.::::::::By then, Wainstein said, "There was an established channel of moving basketball players into these classes."::::::::Wainstein said Walden "did know about some of the main deficiencies" in those paper classes.::::::::"We asked him, 'OK, you knew about that. Did you tell anybody else? Did you tell Joe Holladay? Did you tell Roy Williams?' He said, 'I don't remember doing that at all.' "::::::::Both Williams and Holladay told the investigators they did not recall Walden raising concerns about Nyang'oro's programs.::::::::Wainstein's report showed that even Jan Boxill, the faculty chair from 2011-14, was involved in Crowder giving lax grades.::::::::Boxill was the academic adviser to the women's basketball program, and, Wainstein wrote, "We found evidence that both Crowder and Nyang'oro received requests that they award specific grades to certain student-athletes. Those requests came from two persons -- Associate Director of ASPSA and Director of Football Cynthia Reynolds and women's basketball academic counselor Jan Boxill.::::::::"According to Crowder, Reynolds routinely provided her at the beginning of each semester with a list of the football players registered in her paper classes and the grade that each player needed to remain in good standing. Crowder said that she ignored the grade suggestions, knowing full well that she would award any student who submitted a paper with a fairly high grade.::::::::"In addition to Reynolds' grade guidance, our email review disclosed several instances where Boxill made specific grade suggestions for her women's basketball players. In September 2008, for example, Boxill forwarded a paper on behalf of one of her players, to which Crowder responded that "[a]s long as I am here, I will try to accommodate as many favors as possible," presumably signaling her willingness to grant grade requests up to the point of her retirement. As to that particular student's paper, Crowder then said “Did you say a D will do for [the basketball player]?::::::::"I'm only asking because 1. no sources, 2, it has absolutely nothing to do with the assignments for that class, and 3. it seems to me to be a recycled paper. She took [another class] in spring of 2007 and that was likely for that class." Boxill replied, "Yes, a D will be fine; that's all she needs. I didn't look at the paper but figured it was a recycled one as well, but I couldn't figure out from where."::::::::Wainstein wrote that Crowder and Boxill admitted colluding on the grade, but it was to help a student graduate, not stay eligible.::::::::"Mr. Wainstein has found that the wrongdoing at Carolina lasted much longer and affected more students than previously known. The bad actions of a few and the inaction of others failed the University's students, faculty and alumni, and undermined the institution as a whole," Folt said. "This conduct could and should have been stopped much earlier by individuals in positions of influence and oversight, and others could have sounded the alarm more forcefully."::::::::Folt called the report the most complete report possible on what happened.::::::::"I am deeply disappointed in the duration and extent" of what happened, Folt said. She said she was also disappointed that there was not more oversight.::::::::"That would have saved countless anguish and embarrassment," she said.::::::::"This never should have been allowed to have happened."::::::::Based on Wainstein's report, Carolina said it would:::::::::Director of athletics Bubba Cunningham has also been executing a plan to bolster integrity and accountability throughout the athletics organization, the university said.::::::::Carolina hired Wainstein in February despite previous investigations, which many criticized as incomplete. Wainstein previously told the UNC system Board of Governors that his team's investigation had benefited from the previous investigations, but that those faced the critical problem of not having cooperation from Nyang'oro and Crowder.::::::::In July, the Orange County district attorney, Jim Woodall, said Nyang'oro was cooperating with an SBI investigation and with Woodall's office, and that the charge of obtaining property by false pretenses had been dropped.::::::::Wainstein said because of that, "The university has an opportunity to get to the bottom of this."::::::::He said the goal is to "get out all the facts -- whatever they are."::::::::The academic scandal has consumed UNC in recent years. Football coach Butch Davis resigned under pressure, athletics director Dick Baddour retired early, and chancellor Holden Thorp left UNC for a provost job at Washington University in St. Louis.::::::::Former UNC basketball player Rashad McCants told ESPN's "Outside the Lines" that he took no-show classes, and that North Carolina basketball head coach Roy Williams knew about them.::::::::Williams has denied knowing McCants took no-show classes and denied McCants' suggestion that other basketball players did as well. Wainstein said McCants did not respond to his inquiries throughout the investigation, therefore he said McCants' claims were unfounded.::::::::Among previous investigations into academic irregularities, James Martin, a former governor of North Carolina, concluded that the academic scandal with the football program was indeed just that, an academic scandal, and not an athletic scandal. Martin's probe implicated only Nyang'oro and Crowder, which sparked skepticism about how much Martin had really uncovered. Former North Carolina Supreme Court Chief Justice Burley Mitchell even said, "It was inconceivable that it was two people who did this."::::::::UNC also formed a group of academic specialists to conduct an independent review of former academic adviser Mary Willingham's data and claim regarding the reading levels of some players.::::::::UNC paid Wainstein $990 per hour and paying three associates from his Washington-based firm between $770 and $450 per hour.	
http://www.jpost.com/Arab-Israeli-Conflict/Israeli-official-EU-proposal-to-negotiate-West-Bank-redlines-is-a-death-warrant-379589	EU proposal to negotiate West Bank redlines is a death warrant	Jerusalem Post	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 20:27:22 -0700	Herb Keinon	eu;west bank redlines;death warrant	A European diplomatic official says the proposed formula reflects growing frustration in European capitals with Israel's continued building beyond the pre-1967 lines. Tekoa settlement. Arab construction workers atop a building in the Tekoa settlement.. (photo ...	The European Union is asking Jerusalem to weave the rope with which they will come to hang Israel, a senior diplomatic official said Wednesday in response to reports that the EU is interested in negotiating with Israel over its redlines in the West Bank.::::::::::::::::Haaretz on Wednesday published an internal document drawn up by EU officials in Brussels that outlined the content of a sharp message regarding Israel’s construction beyond the Green Line and its policies in the West Bank that the EU’s Ambassador to Israel Lars Faaborg-Andersen has been instructed to deliver at the “highest possible level” in the Foreign Ministry and National Security Council.::::::::::::::::According to the document, the EU “considers the preservation of the two-state solution a priority.::::::::::::::::The only way to resolve the conflict is through an agreement that ends the occupation which began in 1967, that ends all claims and fulfills the aspirations of both parties. A one-state reality would not be compatible with these aspirations.”::::::::::::::::The document goes on to say that the EU’s Foreign Affairs Council has on several occasions expressed concern about the impact of continued settlement expansion and called on Israel to halt it, “including in east Jerusalem and especially in sensitive areas such as Har Homa, Givat Hamatos and E1.”::::::::::::::::The document “cautions” Israel not to go ahead with tenders and construction in what it called the “possible new settlement of Givat Hamatos.”::::::::::::::::The message Faaborg-Andersen is to relay also states that the EU is “extremely concerned” about plans to relocate “up to 12,000 Beduin without their consent in a new town in the Jordan valley, expelling them from lands in the West Bank, including the E1 area.”::::::::::::::::The EU “strongly urges Israel to put these plans on hold and search for other solutions together with the concerned populations and the Palestinian Authority. The EU underlines that implementing those plans may amount to a serious breach of international humanitarian law (IV Geneva Convention),” the document reads.::::::::::::::::These and other questions need to be “thoroughly discussed” between the EU and Israel, the document maintains.::::::::::::::::This dialogue “should remain informal and not public and should not affect or be related to the existing framework of bilateral dialogue.”::::::::::::::::Foreign Ministry spokesman Emmanuel Nachshon declined to respond to the document, saying “there is no reason for Israel to respond to something that it did not get from the European Union.” He said the EU ambassador has not requested any high-level meetings in the Foreign Ministry.::::::::::::::::One senior diplomatic official said the move “smells of sanctions,” and that it seems the Europeans want to negotiate with Israel over what will be considered “acceptable or unacceptable” behavior so sanctions can be imposed on the “unacceptable” steps.::::::::::::::::It was unlikely Israel would agree to this type of formula, he said.::::::::::::::::A European diplomatic official said the idea reflects growing frustration in European capitals with Israel’s continued building beyond the pre-1967 lines, especially after some of those same capitals gave Israel “diplomatic cover” during Operation Protective Edge.::::::::::::::::“You see an impatience with Israel, no peace talks, no American leadership, and frustration in the EU by those who feel they gave Israel space to operate during Operation Protective Edge, and in return got 4,000 dunam declared state land in Gush Etzion and Givat Hamatos,” the official said.::::::::::::::::According to the official, the idea for this type of document started among EU consul-generals in Jerusalem, who traditionally have taken a very pro-Palestinian position. It was then picked up by civil servants in Brussels and agreed upon at the ambassadorial level. There has not been, however, any decision on the matter at higher political levels, such as by foreign ministers.::::::::::::::::The idea of negotiating with Israel over these matters represented a “middle ground between member states who want punitive measures and those who want an open approach to Israel,” the official said.	
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-29699275	Analysis: Canada's growing extremism	BBC News	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 20:09:09 -0700		analysis;canada	The world's attention is now focused on recent violent attacks in Canada. Canadian terrorism expert Tom Quiggin explains how the country is facing a growing problem with extremism. The sergeant-at-arms of the Canadian Parliament, Kevin Vickers, shot ...	The world's attention is now focused on recent violent attacks in Canada. Canadian terrorism expert Tom Quiggin explains how the country is facing a growing problem with extremism.::::::::The sergeant-at-arms of the Canadian Parliament, Kevin Vickers, shot dead an assailant who was intent on killing members of parliament in the Centre Block on Parliament Hill.::::::::Minutes earlier, a Canadian Forces soldier was killed at the National War Memorial.::::::::The attacks hit at the heart of Canada's symbols of public life. Attendance at recent War Memorial ceremonies has soared, reflecting widespread Canadian public respect for the military.::::::::Canada has now suffered two terrorist attacks in two days.::::::::The first attack on 21 October resulted in the death one Canadian soldier and the injury of another.::::::::The assailant's social media postings show he was clearly inspired by Islamic State (IS) propaganda.::::::::The timing of the second attack, combined with witness reports, suggest a similar influence, although no claims of responsibility have emerged.::::::::Many in Canada are now asking: is this a case of "one off" violence inspired by IS, or does a larger problem exists?::::::::While they are still in the minority, Canada is home to a number of extremists who preach radical views.::::::::They have been creating a political space where promoting violence both at home and overseas is becoming acceptable.::::::::Previously, extremist voices such as the Egyptian Canadian Ahmed Said Khadr, who was suspected of links with al-Qaeda, counselled that violent jihad overseas was required, but that violence in Canada was to be avoided.::::::::This has now changed.::::::::Over the past years, a number of young Canadians have departed to be suicide bombers, IS soldiers and terrorist attackers.::::::::Last week, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police stated that they had 63 national security cases linked to terrorism involving 90 suspects. Those include people who intend to go overseas to fight and those who have returned.::::::::Canada, much like the UK and other European countries, has allowed a steady stream of extremist individuals, money and ideology to enter the country.::::::::Since the 1980s, these individuals have set up front groups and charitable organisations to accomplish their goals.::::::::Over the past few years, four of these charities have had their status revoked for funding terrorism. These include the World Islamic Call Society of London, Ontario, in 2011, which was involved with Col Muammar Gaddafi's Libyan Jihad Fund.::::::::From these centres of extremism, a conveyor belt system exists for radicalisation that exploits vulnerable youth who respond to the messages of al-Qaeda, Hamas, IS and others.::::::::Examples of this were Xristos Katsiroubas, 22, and Ali Medlej, 24, both from Ontario, who were key figures in the gas plant attack in Algeria in January 2013.::::::::Canada is now faced with the question of how it should respond to the spread of extremist ideologies.::::::::The first line of attack could be to remove charitable status from the front groups.::::::::To date, a limited amount of progress on this issue has been made in Canada.::::::::For example, the International Relief Fund for the Afflicted and Needy-Canada was listed as a terrorist entity in April after it was accused of channelling money to Hamas.::::::::The Islamic Society of North America Development Foundation had its charitable status revoked after the Canada Revenue Agency accused it of distributing funds to a group linked to another group listed as a terrorist organisation by the EU and the government of India.::::::::However, more than 20 charities in Canada remain that are believed to be fronts for extremism.::::::::The UK recently launched a study into the Muslim Brotherhood to better understand the nature of the group.::::::::At this point, Canada needs to have a similar national-level inquiry into both violent and non-violent extremists who are developing values which run contrary to the constitution and the Charter of Rights.::::::::Tom Quiggin is a member of TSEC - the Terrorism and Security Experts Canada network.	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/mlb/2014/10/22/royals-giants-game-2-world-series-billy-butler/17754459/	Butler ignites Royals offense in Game 2	USA TODAY	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 20:34:34 -0700	Edt October;P M	butler;royals;game	KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Billy Butler doesn't know if he'll be back in Kansas City next year, let alone next week, but he did everything in his power Wednesday night to assure this Royals team will never be forgotten. Butler led the Royals to their first World Series ...	KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Billy Butler doesn't know if he'll be back in Kansas City next year, let alone next week, but he did everything in his power Wednesday night to assure this Royals team will never be forgotten.::::::::Butler led the Royals to their first World Series victory in nearly three decades, 7-2, over the San Francisco Giants, and letting everyone know they plan on sticking around awhile in this Series.::::::::Butler became the first Royals' player to provide the tying and go-ahead run in the same postseason game since a Hall of Famer by the name of George Brett, in the 1985 American League Championship Series.::::::::It was that kind of night for the big fella.::::::::Butler, who'll be a free agent once the World Series ends, ignited the Royals' offense, took a curtain call after his go-ahead single in the wild sixth inning, and then played peace-maker after Giants rookie pitcher Hunter Strickland's meltdown.::::::::Hey, all in a good day's work, with this World Series getting awfully interesting, tied at 1-game apiece, and a benches-clearing incident to liven things up.::::::::It all happened in the sixth inning, after Butler's go-ahead single off Giants reliever Jean Machi.::::::::The Giants emptied their bullpen with four relievers, and by the time the smoke cleared, the Royals blew the game open with five runs, including Omar Infante's first homer in 145 career postseason at-bats. It was the second-longest drought in major league history.::::::::It also inflamed some old-fashioned hostilities, with Strickland screaming at Royals catcher Salvador Perez, who was waiting for Infante at the plate.::::::::Suddenly, everyone started screaming at everyone, with Perez getting out of Infante's way to let him touch the plate, and then resuming is argument with Strickland.::::::::The benches emptied, and peace was restored, with Butler coming out onto the field to make sure there was no further commotion.::::::::Who knows what the repercussions will be, but it could be the last time we see Strickland in this Series. The kid has faced 23 batters this postseason, and he's coughed up five home runs.::::::::He actually has given up more homers in this postseason than he did all year in the major leagues and minors.::::::::No matter, the hot tempers weren't going to spoil the Royals' first World Series victory since 1985, and Butler's glory.::::::::Butler, who has been with the Royals' organization for 10 years, would love the chance to even bat again. He has been the DH the first two games, and with the series shifting to San Francisco, he may be sitting until Game 6 when a DH is employed again in Kansas City.::::::::If there is no Game 6, Butler vows that his final game at Kauffman Stadium will be forever remembered.::::::::"There's been a lot more tough times than there's been good,'' Butler said, "but his is a great experience. To see us come and to see this process go from the beginning, to where we are now, it's incredible.::::::::"I don't think that has anything to do with the contract situation, but just being here and being able to experience it with these guys that I've played my whole career with, it's an incredible honor.''::::::::Butler made sure the experience will last even longer, with a whole lot of help from his buddies.::::::::Certainly, the Royals proved they aren't going away, showcasing their stellar bullpen for the Giants to witness.::::::::The Giants were able to drive rookie starter Yordano Ventura out of the game after just 5 1/3 innings -- with Ventura recording only one swing-and-miss strike on the 63 fastballs he threw.::::::::Yet, once the Royals turned to their bullpen, the Giants were done.::::::::The Giants had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth inning when Royals manager Ned Yost turned to Kelvin Herrera. He got the Giant's attention in a hurry. His first pitch was clocked at 101 mph. He threw nine pitches. Eight were clocked at 100 or 101 mph.::::::::You guessed it, the Giants went down, with Brandon Belt flying out and Michael Morse's grounding out.::::::::It was the last time the Giants made any noise the rest of the night, with Wade Davis closing out the eighth inning and Greg Holland in the ninth.::::::::Herrera's shut-down outing also seemed to spark the Royals' offense. Giants starter Jake Peavy, pitching like this were 2007 again when he won the Cy Young award with the San Diego Padres, retired 10 consecutive batters.::::::::Certainly, he resembled the guy who went 6-4 with a 2.17 ERA in 12 starts for the Giants after being acquired at the trade deadline from the Boston Red Sox.::::::::If not for Peavy, the Giants would have already been sitting home.::::::::"He's meant everything to us,'' Giants third-base coach Tim Flannery said. "He helped the culture, and he should helped us on the mound.::::::::"We're not here without him.''::::::::Yet, the Royals finally got to Peavy in the sixth. Lorenzo Cain led off with a bloop single. Eric Hosmer drew a walk. It ended Peavy's night, and for the eighth consecutive postseason start, he failed to last through the sixth inning.::::::::The fireworks were just getting started.::::::::Butler drove in the go-ahead run for a 3-2 Royals' lead. After Javier Lopez retired Alex Gordon on a fly ball, Strickland came into the game to face Perez. He greeted him with a two-run double. Infante followed with a two-run homer.::::::::And the party was just starting with the sell-out crowd of 40,446 at Kauffman Stadium standing and screaming the rest of the night.::::::::We have a World Series now.::::::::It's proving to be a dandy.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/23/nyregion/in-new-york-governors-debate-cuomo-repels-astorinos-jabs-with-his-own.html	In New York Governor’s Debate, Cuomo Repels Astorino’s Jabs With His Own	New York Times	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 20:05:35 -0700	Thomas Kaplan	york governor’s;cuomo repels astorino’s jabs;own	The candidates for governor of New York on Wednesday. From left, Rob Astorino (Republican), Gov. Andrew Cuomo (Democrat), Howie Hawkins (Green) and Michael McDermott (Libertarian). Credit Derek Gee/Buffalo News. Continue reading the main story.	Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, used to being in control, stared down forceful questioning of his ethical troubles. After months of remaining above the fray, Mr. Cuomo eagerly and sternly hit back on Wednesday night, exchanging blows with his Republican challenger, Rob Astorino, over taxes, bigotry and corruption.::::::::The first and likely only debate in this year’s race for governor offered stretches of grim intensity punctuated by sharp attacks, with interludes provided by a pair of third-party candidates proposing some more unusual ideas.::::::::For Mr. Astorino, the debate, held in Buffalo, was his one extended moment on the same stage as Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat, who has been eager to run out the clock before the Nov. 4 election and has taken care to avoid even mentioning his opponent by name.::::::::Mr. Astorino, the Westchester County executive, tried to prod, badger and embarrass the governor, hoping for a mistake, if not a meltdown, that could prompt voters to think twice about the incumbent.::::::::“There’s only one person here that has a criminal defense team,” Mr. Astorino said. “It’s not me. It’s Andrew Cuomo.”::::::::Mr. Cuomo, who takes care to avoid unscripted moments or unfriendly interviewers, plunged himself into a verbal brawl, offering punch after punch of his own. “Rhetoric is fine,” the governor snapped early on. “Facts are better.”::::::::Mr. Cuomo stuck to his message that he had gone to great lengths to turn around New York’s struggling economy and dysfunctional government. “When you remember where we were, and you look at where we are now, there’s no doubt that the state is better off,” he said, adding: “The state is better because it’s stronger, it’s safer and it’s more progressive.”::::::::Mr. Astorino, he argued, was guilty of financial mismanagement and of driving property taxes up in Westchester, the “highest-taxed county in the United States of America,” he said slowly, for emphasis.::::::::Some of the most intense moments came as Mr. Cuomo faced questions about the Moreland Commission, an ethics panel he established and then abruptly shut down. His handling of the matter is being investigated by federal prosecutors.::::::::Mr. Astorino informed the audience, mercilessly or recklessly, that Mr. Cuomo “very well may be indicted after this Election Day comes and goes,” before listing possible crimes, such as witness tampering and obstruction of justice.::::::::He challenged the governor, twice, to set the record straight, asking him to raise his right hand and say whether he or his staff members had been subpoenaed. Mr. Cuomo said the comment by Mr. Astorino was “outrageous,” and defended his handling of the commission, saying it led to worthy reforms.::::::::Mr. Cuomo attacked Mr. Astorino over his role in a long-running housing-discrimination dispute with the federal government. Westchester County has been in a standoff with the federal housing department over the county’s compliance with a 2009 settlement that required it to push communities to alter zoning rules that discouraged construction of apartments.::::::::Portraying Mr. Astorino as an “ultraconservative” who “disrespects” women, minorities, gay people and immigrants, Mr. Cuomo reached back to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., and then to the Civil War, as he tried to paint Mr. Astorino as intolerant.::::::::Mr. Astorino called the governor’s suggestions about race “despicable,” and cited endorsements from black and Hispanic leaders in Westchester. “I would never have gotten that endorsement or their support,” he said, “if we were racist.”::::::::The debate also included the Green Party nominee, Howie Hawkins, a United Parcel Service worker from Syracuse, and the Libertarian Party nominee, Michael McDermott, a real estate broker from Long Island. Mr. Hawkins pledged to represent the “99 percent,” while Mr. McDermott expressed frustration with Republicans and Democrats.::::::::The hourlong encounter was leavened by a few moments of comic relief, such as when Mr. McDermott said that the Common Core education standards were such an “abomination” that he had taken to doing his 9-year-old daughter’s homework for her because “she just doesn’t get it.” Mr. McDermott also earnestly trumpeted “industrial hemp” as a source of both job creation and less expensive clothing.::::::::The debate was sponsored by The Buffalo News and WNED/WBFO, a public broadcaster in Buffalo. Mr. Astorino has repeatedly criticized Mr. Cuomo for not agreeing to a one-on-one televised debate. Even with the presence of the minor party candidates, Mr. Cuomo and Mr. Astorino largely attacked each other.::::::::Mr. Astorino vowed to allow hydraulic fracturing, and criticized Mr. Cuomo for delaying a decision on whether to allow the contested form of natural gas extraction.::::::::Mr. Cuomo accused Mr. Astorino of having it both ways, offering what seemed like a rehearsed zinger that called attention to Mr. Astorino’s signing of a bill that prohibited fracking wastewater from being treated or used to de-ice roads in Westchester. “When he goes upstate, he’s Sarah Palin — ‘Drill, baby, drill!’ ” he said. “When he goes home to Westchester, he’s Mark Ruffalo.”	
http://www.washingtonpost.com/local/trafficandcommuting/us-plans-21-day-monitoring-of-people-who-arrive-from-ebola-stricken-nations/2014/10/22/376a907c-5a1b-11e4-bd61-346aee66ba29_story.html	U.S. plans 21-day monitoring of people who arrive from Ebola-stricken nations	Washington Post	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 18:31:32 -0700		u.s.;plans 21-day;ebola-stricken	Every airline passenger who arrives in the United States from one of the three West African nations hardest hit by Ebola will be monitored by state and local health authorities for 21 days, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday.	At Dulles Airport, a Customs and Border Patrol officer interviews a person who recently arrived from an African country hit hard by Ebola about any suspicious medical symptoms. (Josh Denmark/U.S. Customs and Border Patrol/Reuters)::::::::Every airline passenger who arrives in the United States from one of the three West African nations hardest hit by Ebola will be monitored by state and local health authorities for 21 days, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday.::::::::The travelers will be required to report their temperature daily and call a state hotline if they show any symptoms of the illness. The program will begin in six states — including Maryland and Virginia — on Monday and will expand to other states later, CDC Director Thomas Frieden said.::::::::“We’re tightening the process by establishing active monitoring of every traveler who returns to this country from one of the three infected countries,” Frieden said in a conference call with reporters.::::::::The monitoring plan was the administration’s latest step to intercept travelers who may have been exposed to the lethal virus in the three countries affected most by the outbreak — Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. Fending off critics who have demanded an outright entry ban on people traveling from those countries, the White House has tried to allay domestic fears by ramping up protections in the United States.::::::::Airline passengers are being screened for symptoms of the illness as they board planes in those countries headed to the United States, during their flight and upon their arrival in the United States at five designated airports that are the required entry points for travelers from those countries.::::::::Now, those who arrive without exhibiting any sign of the illness will be followed for 21 days — Ebola’s incubation period — in the event they develop the virus.::::::::The burden of monitoring will fall to state and local health officials, who have legal authority to control infectious disease, Frieden said.::::::::“Fundamentally, this is an issue for state and local health departments,” he said. “They have procedures to identify people, track them and follow them up.”::::::::Those health departments can choose to monitor people with daily visits, through electronic media like Skype or by contacting health offices at their jobs.::::::::“What a logistical nightmare,” said John Connor, an associate professor of microbiology at Boston University and an investigator with the university’s National Emerging Infectious Diseases Laboratories. “It is an abundance of caution, and certainly, if carried out properly, it would do a good job of identifying anyone who is infected. This is going to be a very difficult task.”::::::::The number of people arriving in the United States from the Ebola-stricken countries has dwindled from an average of 150 a day to roughly 80 a day in recent weeks, most likely because U.S. residents have postponed trips to see relatives there for fear of the illness. Still, that translates into thousands of people for local authorities to screen and follow in coming months.::::::::“We knew this decision was in the works, so we have begun our planning,” said David Trump, chief deputy commissioner for public health and preparedness for the Virginia Department of Health. He said local departments will play a central role.::::::::Trump pointed out that if 20 passengers a day from the three countries arriving at Washington Dulles International Airport are subject to monitoring, the state could be following hundreds of people during any 21-day period.::::::::“We’re still hammering out the details on this,” said Christopher Garrett, a spokesman for the Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene.::::::::The CDC guidelines require arriving passengers to provide detailed information on where they plan to be for the following 21 days, including their addresses, e-mail contacts and telephone numbers for themselves and a relative or friend in the United States.::::::::That information will be forwarded to officials in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Georgia, Maryland and Virginia. Four of those states are home to the international gateway airports where travelers from the affected countries are required to enter the United States.::::::::Frieden said that most people who arrive from the three African countries are U.S. citizens or long-term residents of the United States. He said about 70 percent of them live in or are visiting the states where the monitoring program will debut Monday.::::::::“State and local officials will maintain daily contact with all travelers from the affected countries for the entire 21 days following the last possible date of exposure to the Ebola virus,” Frieden said. “If a traveler doesn’t report in, the state or local public official will take immediate steps to find the person and make sure the tracking continues on a daily basis.”::::::::The World Health Organization said Wednesday that at least 4,877 people out of 9,936 cases have died in the outbreak. There have been three cases in the United States: Thomas Eric Duncan, who fell ill four days after arriving from Liberia, and two nurses who treated him at a Dallas hospital. Duncan died Oct. 8.::::::::The family of nurse Amber Vinson, who is being treated at Emory University Hospital, said Wednesday that the virus is no longer detectable in her system and that she continues to improve. The condition of nurse Nina Pham, who is being treated at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, was upgraded to good on Tuesday.::::::::Starting Monday, each traveler from one of the impacted countries who arrives in the United States will be handed an Ebola care kit at the airport after being screened by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, which is responsible for the enhanced airport screening. The kit includes instructions, a digital thermometer, a 21-day log sheet for recording morning and evening temperatures, a display card that shows the nine symptoms of the illness, and a list of telephone numbers for the CDC and state health departments.::::::::Health-care workers — including those from the CDC — U.S. military and journalists returning from those countries also will face 21 days of monitoring.::::::::Travelers with no known exposure to the illness while in West Africa will be permitted to travel within the United States provided they keep health officials informed of their whereabouts and maintain the 21-day health reporting. Those deemed high-risk, even though they have no symptoms, because of contact with an Ebola victim will not be allowed to travel on planes, trains or public buses. Those who ignore the no-travel edict could be prosecuted in some states under state laws intended to impede the spread of infectious diseases.::::::::Frieden said the monitoring effort will allow authorities to react quickly if a person shows any signs of the illness.::::::::“The strongest health measure we can take to protect each of us is to quickly isolate someone with symptoms of Ebola,” he said.::::::::Local health officials would develop contingency plans to transport those with symptoms to a medical facility, he said.::::::::“There is a possibility that other individuals with Ebola will come to this country,” Frieden said. “We’re undertaking a series of measures to increase the likelihood that if individuals arrive here and develop Ebola, they’ll be rapidly identified and isolated and will not spread Ebola.”::::::::The pharmaceutical company Johnson & Johnson said Wednesday that in January, it plans to begin testing a vaccine combination that could protect people from one strain of Ebola.::::::::The company described the vaccine as potentially effective against a strain “highly similar” to the one causing the epidemic. There are no proven vaccines or drugs for Ebola, and the New Jersey-based company is one of several racing to develop an effective means of defeating it.::::::::Working with Danish company Bavarian Nordic, Johnson & Johnson said it will spend up to $200 million to speed the program. It involves two vaccines given two months apart.	
http://www.independent.ie/world-news/ebola/us-to-check-ebolarisk-travellers-for-three-weeks-30686490.html	US to check 'Ebola-risk' travellers for three weeks	Irish Independent	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 18:31:29 -0700			U.S. President Barack Obama holds a meeting with Ebola Response Coordinator Ron Klain (C) and members of his team coordinating the government's Ebola response in the Oval Office of the White House. Photo credit: REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque.	PRESIDENT Obama inset, has announced that he is more hopeful that US hospitals in Ohio and Dallas can handle further Ebola cases.::::::::He was speaking as authorities in Washington announced that everyone travelling into the US from Ebola-stricken nations will be monitored for symptoms for 21 days. That includes returning American aid workers, federal health employees and journalists, as well as West African travelers.::::::::The programme will start next Monday in six states that represent 70 percent of people arriving from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, said the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.::::::::CDC Director Tom Frieden said monitoring would extend to other states in coming days and reach "every person coming back to the country for the 21 days they are at risk for Ebola." He said it would continue until the outbreak in West Africa is controlled.::::::::"We have to keep our guard up," Frieden told reporters on a conference call.::::::::The Obama administration has resisted increasing pressure to ban travel from the three countries at the center of the Ebola outbreak.::::::::President Obama and federal health authorities say that could make the situation worse, by making it harder for foreign doctors and aid workers to get help to nations that desperately need it and can't stop the outbreak on their own.::::::::Local and state officials will perform the daily monitoring, which may consist of keeping up with people by phone or visits.::::::::The first states are New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, New Jersey and Georgia.::::::::Individuals arriving from West Africa will receive "care kits" that include thermometers, detailed information on how take their temperature twice a day, and logs for recording the information. Temperatures must be reported to health officials at least once per day, he said.::::::::Frieden said the message to travelers is: "If you become sick, get care quickly because that could save your life and protect your family."::::::::The kits also will include information on whom to call if symptoms occur and a card the traveler can present to health care providers if they seek care.::::::::CDC already was telling its own employees and other health professionals working in the outbreak zone to monitor their temperature for 21 days upon return, so last night's announcement adds another step to their ongoing fever watch.::::::::The new programme comes after authorities announced Wednesday plans to funnel all visitors from the three nations through five airports where fever checks and other Ebola screening measures have been put in place.::::::::An American video journalist who has recovered from Ebola left the hospital yesterday and headed home to Providence, Rhode Island.::::::::"Today is a joyful day," Ashoka Mukpo said in a statement released by the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha. The hospital said testing found him free of the virus now.::::::::The virus has killed more than 4,500 people in West Africa, nearly all in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. Mukpo caught it while working in Liberia as a freelance cameraman for NBC and other media outlets.::::::::Two American nurses remain hospitalized after catching the virus from a Liberian man who traveled to the US before exhibiting symptoms and dying at a Dallas hospital.	
http://www.sfgate.com/news/politics/article/Man-apprehended-after-jumping-White-House-fence-5841142.php	Man apprehended after jumping White House fence	SFGate	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 20:33:13 -0700	Darlene Superville;Associated Press	white house fence	Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, AP Secret Service respond on the North Lawn of the White House after a man jumped the White House fence, Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014, in Washington. The Secret Service apprehended the man who jumped over the White House ...	WASHINGTON (AP) — A 23-year-old Maryland man was in the custody Wednesday night after he climbed over the White House fence and was swiftly apprehended on the North Lawn by uniformed Secret Service agents and their dogs.::::::::The incident came about a month after a previous White House fence jumper sprinted across the same lawn, past armed uniformed agents and entered the mansion before he was felled in the ceremonial East Room and taken into custody.::::::::That embarrassing Sept. 19 incident preceded the disclosure of other serious Secret Service breaches in security for President Barack Obama and ultimately led to Julia Pierson's resignation as director of the agency after 18 months on the job.::::::::Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said a man he identified as Dominic Adesanya of Bel Air, Maryland, climbed the north fence line at about 7:16 p.m. and was taken into custody immediately by uniformed agents and K-9 teams that constantly patrol the grounds. Adesanya was unarmed at the time of his arrest, Leary said. Charges were pending.::::::::Two dogs were taken to a veterinarian for injuries sustained during the incident, Leary added.::::::::Video of the incident recorded by TV news cameras shows a man in white shorts on the lawn just inside the fence. The video shows that man lifting his shirt as if to show that he is unarmed. He is then seen kicking and punching two Secret Service dogs that were released on him.::::::::The man was being taken to a local hospital, Leary said, without elaboration.::::::::After Pierson resigned, an agent who once led Obama's protective detail came out of retirement to lead the Secret Service until Obama names a new director, pending the completion of internal and independent reviews of agency practices.::::::::This week, a federal judge delayed the arraignment of Omar Gonzalez, the individual charged in September's fence-jumping incident, because of questions about his mental fitness to stand trial.::::::::Gonzalez has been indicted on several charges, including of carrying a knife into the White House and assaulting two Secret Service officers.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/23/world/americas/mexican-official-links-a-mayor-to-missing-college-students.html	Mexican Official Links a Mayor to Missing College Students	New York Times	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 19:10:58 -0700	Elisabeth Malkin	links;missing;college students	MEXICO CITY — The authorities on Wednesday provided a broad account of the apparent abduction of 43 college students last month in southern Mexico, saying that the police in a small city attacked them on orders of the mayor and his wife out of fear they ...	MEXICO CITY — The authorities on Wednesday provided a broad account of the apparent abduction of 43 college students last month in southern Mexico, saying that the police in a small city attacked them on orders of the mayor and his wife out of fear they were going to disrupt a speech she was giving.::::::::The police detained the group, students from a left-wing teachers’ college who had angered the mayor during a previous demonstration, Attorney General Jesús Murillo Karam told a news conference. The students, he said, were then turned over to a gang linked to Mayor Jose Luis Abarca of Iguala and his wife, María de los Ángeles Pineda Villa.::::::::The local crime boss, informed by a lieutenant in a text message that the students belonged to a rival gang, apparently ordered their disappearance. Mr. Murillo Karam did not say what happened to them.::::::::The gang leader, Sidronio Casarrubias Salgado of the Guerreros Unidos, “approved the actions to, quote unquote, defend his influence over the territory of Iguala,” Mr. Murillo Karam said. Mr. Casarrubias was arrested last weekend.::::::::The students have been missing since Sept. 26. At least nine mass graves in the hills surrounding Iguala have been found containing 30 bodies, and Mr. Murillo Karam said that while initial tests showed none were those of the students, additional tests were being done.::::::::The case has gripped the nation and led to mass demonstrations, and President Enrique Peña Nieto, who had hoped to focus his administration on economic improvements, now says finding them is his priority.::::::::Mr. Murillo Karam described a deep connection between the Iguala mayor, his wife and the Guerreros Unidos gang.::::::::He said that Mr. Abarca made payments to the gang, including money allocated to the municipal police. Yet he stopped short of saying that the mayor had ordered the students’ deaths. The mayor and his wife are fugitives.::::::::When the students, who attended the Escuela Normal Rural Raúl Isidro Burgos, a teachers’ college, arrived in Iguala on Sept. 26, officials assumed that they were on their way to disrupt a speech by Ms. Pineda Villa, who ran a family services program.::::::::Over the radio came the order from Mr. Abarca to stop them. In the ensuing violence, six people, including three students and three bystanders, were fatally shot. The police stopped a bus carrying a group of students and took them to headquarters.	
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/astorino-hits-cuomo-hard-economy-moreland-commission-debate-article-1.1983981	GOP candidate Rob Astorino hits Andrew Cuomo hard on state economy, handling of Moreland commission at debate	New York Daily News	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 21:01:31 -0700	Kenneth Lovett;Glenn Blain	rob astorino;andrew cuomo;state economy;moreland	BUFFALO — GOP challenger Rob Astorino hit Gov. Cuomo hard in a gubernatorial debate Wednesday night over the state of New York's economy, taxes and his handling of a state anti-corruption commission. Cuomo and Astorino, along with two minor party ...	BUFFALO — GOP challenger Rob Astorino hit Gov. Cuomo hard in a gubernatorial debate Wednesday night over the state of New York’s economy, taxes and his handling of a state anti-corruption commission.::::::::Cuomo and Astorino, along with two minor party candidates — Green Party candidate Howie Hawkins and Libertarian Michael McDermott — shared the stage in the one-hour televised debate from Buffalo.::::::::The jabs started right from the get-go.::::::::Cuomo, the Democratic incumbent, in his opening remarks accused Astorino of having an “ultra-conservative philosophy that disrespects women, minorities and immigrants.”::::::::Astorino went on the attack over the scandal surrounding Cuomo’s handling of his anti-corruption commission, which has resulted in a federal investigation.::::::::He said Cuomo “may very well be indicted after Election Day comes and goes for witness tampering, obstruction of justice, failure to report crimes.”::::::::He asked the governor: “If you would talk to the people, directly tell them the truth, raise your right hand, swear that neither you nor your staff has been subpoenaed by the U.S. attorney in regards to the Moreland Commission scandal.”::::::::He denied any interference with the panel and said he pulled the plug after nine months because the Legislature gave him what he wanted — an ethics reform package.::::::::Astorino, the Westchester County executive, rejected Cuomo’s suggestion the state is better off than it was four years ago.::::::::While Cuomo cited lower corporate and personal tax rates, 511,000 new jobs, and a state government working in a bipartisan way, Astorino painted a picture where “New York is losing — and we’re losing badly.”::::::::He called for more tax cuts and term limits “to clean up the corruption of the Andrew Cuomo administration.”::::::::Astorino accused Cuomo of engaging in massive corporate welfare in exchange for big political donations. He said the state has handed out $21 billion in tax credits while Cuomo padded his campaign war chest.::::::::“What we need in this state is not gimmicks,” he said, calling for cuts in regulations and taxes that he says are driving small businesses and the middle class out of state.::::::::He reiterated his central campaign theme that the state has the highest taxes in the country, the worst business climate and an “anemic” economic recovery.::::::::“We can’t afford another four more years and another 400,000 people leaving this state under this gentleman’s term.”::::::::Cuomo said taxes on the middle class and corporations are at their lowest levels in decades.::::::::And he hit Astorino’s credibility, saying he failed to deliver on promises he made when he first ran for county executive to cut taxes by 20%. Instead, the county has the highest property taxes in the country and its credit rating was downgraded, Cuomo said.::::::::“Rhetoric’s fine; facts are better,” he said.::::::::Cuomo got hit from the left and right for his delay in deciding whether to approve hydrofracking in the state’s southern tier.::::::::The hour-long debate at Buffalo’s WNED-TV studio was the only one planned before voters head to the polls in less than two weeks.::::::::While Astorino entered the debate looking to score damaging blows, Cuomo entered the session simply needing to avoid major mistakes and keep his famed temper under wraps as the race heads into its final days. Over the past few weeks, Cuomo seemed to employ a run-out-the-clock strategy, making several high-profile, but tightly controlled events that lowered the risk of a major gaffe.::::::::While holding off Astorino on his right, Cuomo also needed fend off attacks on his left from Hawkins. Experts believe a strong showing by Hawkins next month could deprive Cuomo of the mammoth landslide he craves.::::::::ON A MOBILE DEVICE? CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE VIDEO.	
http://www.abs-cbnnews.com/global-filipino/world/10/22/14/palestinian-rams-car-jerusalem-crowd-killing-baby	Palestinian rams car into Jerusalem crowd, killing baby	ABS CBN News	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 17:05:02 -0700	Agence France Presse	palestinian;rams car;jerusalem	Israelis stand behind a police barrier next to a car wreck in Jerusalem October 22, 2014. A baby was killed and eight people injured when a car slammed into pedestrians at a Jerusalem light railway stop on Wednesday, emergency services said, in what ...	Posted at 10/23/2014 7:41 AM | Updated as of 10/23/2014 7:41 AM::::::::JERUSALEM - A Palestinian rammed a car into pedestrians in Jerusalem on Wednesday, killing a baby and injuring six other people in what Israeli police said was a "hit-and-run terror attack".::::::::It was the second such deadly incident in three months, prompting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to immediately order an increase in police presence across the city.::::::::The driver, identified as Abed Abdelrahman Shaludeh, a Palestinian from Silwan in east Jerusalem, died from his injuries early on Thursday, the Shaarei Tzedek hospital said.::::::::The 21-year-old had been shot and wounded as he tried to flee the scene, police spokeswoman Luba Samri said.::::::::During the early evening attack, the car was driven at top speed into pedestrians near the Ammunition Hill tram stop on the seamline between west and occupied east Jerusalem.::::::::Seven people were hurt, including a three-month-old girl, Haya Zissel Braun, who later died, said Hadassah hospital. She was buried on Wednesday evening.::::::::Samri described the incident as a "hit and run terror attack" -- the second in the area in just under three months.::::::::During the most recent incident in August, a Palestinian man rammed a bus with an excavator, killing one Israeli and injuring five. Police shot the driver dead.::::::::Witnesses of Wednesday's attack said the car ploughed into the crowd at great speed.::::::::"We saw a car coming from the north at full speed," said Eli Dayan. "We realised something was going on. He missed us by a few centimetres."::::::::Footage of the incident posted on YouTube showed a car driving at full speed off the main road and down the pavement where people were standing as two trams passed each other.::::::::Another clip shot on a cellphone showed the driver lying on the ground in a T-shirt and ripped jeans as a man pointed a gun at him.::::::::Aside from the baby, medics treated six other people -- one in serious condition, one moderately hurt and four with light injuries, medics said, revising down an earlier toll of eight.::::::::Samri said Abed Abdelrahman Shaludeh was from Silwan, a densely populated Arab neighbourhood on a steep hillside just south of the Old City.::::::::Family members said he had been recently released from an Israeli prison where he served 14 months for disturbing the peace.::::::::Silwan has been wracked by unrest in recent years after Jewish hardliners took up residence in the area, triggering frequent clashes between stone-throwing residents and police.::::::::It hit the headlines in recent weeks after settlers acquired another 35 apartments there, triggering a furious reaction from both the Palestinians and the international community.::::::::In the neighbourhood, scores of police could be seen trying to enter the Shaludeh family home, as dozens of masked Palestinians hurled stones at them, police and residents said.::::::::Four family members who went to visit Shaludeh in Shaarei Tzedek hospital were arrested, a relative told AFP.::::::::Clashes also erupted in Issawiya, Al-Tur and Shuafat refugee camp, all of them flashpoint districts in Arab east Jerusalem, which was occupied and annexed by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War in a move never recognised by the international community.::::::::Family members confirmed Shaludeh was a nephew of senior Hamas bomb-maker Muhi al-Din Sharif who was killed in the West Bank city of Ramallah in mysterious circumstances in 1998.::::::::Israeli officials also identified him as a member of the radical Islamist Hamas movement.::::::::Netanyahu lashed out at Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas, whose Fatah movement signed a reconciliation agreement with Hamas this year, leading to the establishment of a jointly-agreed government of national consensus.::::::::"This is how Abu Mazen's partners in government act, the same Abu Mazen who -- only a few days ago -- incited toward a terrorist attack in Jerusalem," Netanyahu said, using the Palestinian leader's nickname.::::::::He was referring to comments in which Abbas had pledged to prevent religious Jews from visiting Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa mosque compound "by all means" following a series of clashes at the site, which is holy to both Muslims and Jews.	
http://health.usnews.com/health-news/articles/2014/10/22/all-us-residents-returning-from-ebola-stricken-countries-to-be-tracked-cdc-says	CDC: All U.S. Residents Returning From Ebola-Stricken Countries to Be Tracked	U.S. News \u0026 World Report	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 21:05:38 -0700		cdc;u.s;residents;ebola-stricken countries;be tracked	WEDNESDAY, Oct. 22, 2014 (HealthDay News) -- Public health officials plan to actively monitor all U.S. residents returning home from one of the three Ebola-affected nations in West Africa, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced ...	WEDNESDAY, Oct. 22, 2014 (HealthDay News) -- Public health officials plan to actively monitor all U.S. residents returning home from one of the three Ebola-affected nations in West Africa, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Wednesday.::::::::The new monitoring program, which starts Monday, will require anyone back from Liberia, Guinea or Sierra Leone to check their temperature twice a day and report back daily to their local public health department, CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said in a Wednesday press conference.::::::::"State and local authorities will require travelers to report their temperature, and the presence or absence of Ebola symptoms aside from a fever," he said. "They also will be required to coordinate with local public health officials if they intend to travel, and make arrangements to have their temperature monitored during travel."::::::::Similar measures already have been implemented to track any residents of the three West African nations who travel to the United States.::::::::Experts say 21 days is the longest it can take for Ebola to develop in a person.::::::::The new program is intended to make sure that a person with Ebola is isolated early in the course of their illness, Frieden explained.::::::::"That will reduce the chance that Ebola will spread to close contacts and health care workers," he said.::::::::The monitoring program will concentrate on six states where 70 percent of U.S. travelers to the West African countries reside -- New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, New Jersey and Georgia. The CDC will reach out to public health officials in other states as necessary.::::::::Most of the travelers are expected to be either journalists or people who have gone to the region to help fight the Ebola epidemic, Frieden noted.::::::::Returning travelers will be required to provide detailed contact information, including e-mail addresses, home addresses, and contact information for a friend or relative, he said.::::::::The travelers also will be handed a care kit that includes a thermometer, a tracking log, a pictorial description of symptoms, a colored card they can present to health care providers if they are ill, and information on where to call and what to say if they develop symptoms, Frieden said.::::::::Above all, the entry contact is intended to "convey the fundamental message that if you become sick, get care quickly because that could save your life and protect your family," he said.::::::::Regarding ongoing Ebola monitoring efforts in the United States, Frieden said:::::::::Visit the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for more on Ebola.	
http://tvnz.co.nz/entertainment-news/goodfellas-actor-sues-simpsons-320-million-6115135	Goodfellas actor sues 'The Simpsons' for $320 million - Entertainment News	TVNZ	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 19:25:43 -0700		goodfellas;actor sues 'the;simpsons;entertainment	The Simpsons creators are being sued for more than $300 million by an actor who claims one of the show's characters is based on him. Goodfellas actor Frank Sivero says that the character Louie in The Simpsons is based off his character in the original ...	The Simpsons creators are being sued for more than $300 million by an actor who claims one of the show's characters is based on him.::::::::Goodfellas actor Frank Sivero says that the character Louie in The Simpsons is based off his character in the original Goodfellas, Frankie Carbone. The lawsuit alleges the Carbone character was created and developed by Sivero.::::::::Louie is a minor mobster on The Simpsons who works as a henchman for Fat Tony and the Springfield Mafia. He first appeared in October 1991 and has featured in 15 of the show's 556 episodes.::::::::The lawsuit alleges that "in or around 1989" Sivero lived in the same apartment complex as the writers of The Simpsons, and that both writers knew who he was, saw him most days and were aware of the Frankie Carbone character he was playing.::::::::Sivero's lawsuit claims the series has made $US12 billion ($15b) since its pilot, from both the TV show as well as movies and games.::::::::Fox is yet to comment on the lawsuit.	
http://www.nj.com/entertainment/index.ssf/2014/10/renee_zellweger_facing_the_facts_on_hollywoods_ageism.html	Renee Zellweger: Facing the facts on Hollywood's ageism	edger	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 17:46:07 -0700	The Star-ledger;Stephen Whitty;Email The Author	renee zellweger;facing;hollywood;'s ageism	The whole Renee Zellweger story makes me sad. It makes me sad, first of all, because — as in the Kim Novak appearance at the Oscars — someone went out in public, bravely smiling and thinking they looked absolutely terrific and were quickly, publicly, and ...	The whole Renee Zellweger story makes me sad.::::::::It makes me sad, first of all, because — as in the Kim Novak appearance at the Oscars — someone went out in public, bravely smiling and thinking they looked absolutely terrific and were quickly, publicly, and brutally told, no, they did not.::::::::And it makes me sad that Zellweger's carefully considered response — "I'm glad folks think I look different," she told People magazine, while crediting her drastically changed appearance to "living a more fulfilling life" — is such a stiff combination of clueless denial and frantic publicist spin.::::::::But mostly it makes me sad because there's a lesson here that's going untaught.::::::::Some writers have focused on the fact that it's Zellweger's right to look however she wants to look, and do whatever she wants to achieve that, which is absolutely true — while ignoring the fact that her right to select her public appearance doesn't preclude our right to have an opinion on it.::::::::Others have made this a completely feminist issue — looking past the fact that aging actors are also regularly ridiculed for their toupees, their suddenly orange hair, their human-growth-hormone biceps, their obvious stunt doubles.::::::::Because what this is, really, is an age issue which still dominates all of Hollywood: Youth Is Everything.::::::::That's not denying the strong sexist streak that runs through this. Although many actors still cling, ridiculously, to their action-hero status well into their AARP years, if you want to get any leads in any movie as a woman, you have to pretend. And, too often, consult a plastic surgeon.::::::::And it's been that way for decades. Nearly 20 years ago, in "The First Wives Club," a deliberately, comically lip-plumped Goldie Hawn played a veteran actress who joked that there were only three ages for a woman in Hollywood: Babe, District Attorney, and "Driving Miss Daisy."::::::::Except it's not really a joke, and with the over-50 parts now basically parceled out among three over-60 actresses — Meryl Streep, Helen Mirren and Susan Sarandon — it's not surprising that 40-ish actresses are all trying to hit the brakes, hard.::::::::So we get Nicole Kidman's frozen forehead, and Zellweger's face-altering turn into Meredith Veira's kid sister. (And, among the men — while less widely ridiculed — Sylvester Stallone's steroidal vein-popping biceps, or whatever those small strange dead animals are that John Travolta glues to his scalp.)::::::::Except the sad thing is, there's a simple answer to all of this: Make more movies about older people.::::::::Not every interesting story in the world takes place among a group of exclusively 30-year-old characters. People in their 40s, yes, even in their 50, lead lives of conflict and complexity and drama. (And people in their 60s, by the way, are not all tragically ailing — or looking for some adorable sexless fling in a retirement home.)::::::::There are, literally, millions of human stories out there, and to tell them doesn't just give veteran performers more options — it gives audiences a wider, more diverse choice of stories.::::::::But the more Hollywood concentrates on the under-30 crowd, the more actors and actresses will feel they need to remain looking under-30. The more we'll see perfectly lovely people taking themselves off to a doctor to get injected, sliced, plumped and lifted. The more we'll watch them feeling older, saggier, balder and more wizened than we should.::::::::And the less we'll see a full range of dramas about a full range of people — which, at its heart, is what art is supposed to be all about.	
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-29735163	Ottawa shootings: Canada 'not intimidated'	BBC News	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 21:26:06 -0700		ottawa;canada	Canadian PM Stephen Harper has said his country "will never be intimidated" after a deadly attack near the national parliament in the capital Ottawa. He pledged to "redouble our efforts" in fighting "terrorist" groups. Earlier a gunman killed a soldier at an ...	Canadian PM Stephen Harper has said his country "will never be intimidated" after a deadly attack near the national parliament in the capital Ottawa.::::::::He pledged to "redouble our efforts" in fighting "terrorist" groups.::::::::Earlier a gunman killed a soldier at an Ottawa war memorial, before dying in a shootout with police inside parliament.::::::::This came hours after Canada raised its terror threat level. On Monday, another soldier was killed in a hit-and-run attack by a Muslim convert in Quebec.::::::::Canadian security sources later identified the gunman in Wednesday's shootings as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, a Muslim convert in his early 30s.::::::::He was recently designated as a "high-risk traveller" and had his passport taken away because of suspected jihadist sympathies, the BBC's Nick Bryant in Ottawa says.::::::::Earlier this month, Canada announced plans to join the US-led campaign of air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq.::::::::However there is no official confirmation that any of this week's attacks are linked to IS or the new military campaign.::::::::In a televised address late on Wednesday, Mr Harper said: "We will not be intimidated. Canada will never be intimidated."::::::::He added: "In fact this will lead us to strengthen our resolve and redouble our efforts (...) to take all necessary steps to identify and counter threats and keep Canada safe."::::::::He stressed that the perpetrators "will have no safe haven" in Canada, but admitted the attacks showed that the country was "not immune to terrorist attacks".::::::::Mr Harper was addressing MPs at the time of the shooting but was safely evacuated.::::::::On Wednesday morning, two soldiers guarding the memorial came under fire from a man carrying a rifle.::::::::One soldier, Cpl Nathan Cirillo, died of his injuries. Three other people were treated in hospital and released by evening.::::::::Minutes later after the attack at the memorial, dozens of shots were fired inside the parliament building, Canadian MP Marc Garneau told the BBC.::::::::The gunman was shot dead by Sergeant-at-arms Kevin Vickers, 58.::::::::"MPs and [Parliament] Hill staff owe their safety, even lives, to Sergeant at Arms Kevin Vickers who shot attacker just outside the MPs' caucus rooms," New Democrat MP Craig Scott tweeted.::::::::Michael Zehaf-Bibeau is known to have a police record for petty crime, such as possession of drugs and robbery, our correspondent adds.::::::::In his evening address, Mr Harper described him as a terrorist. "In the days to come we will learn more about the terrorist and any accomplices he may have had," he said.::::::::Police told those in the vicinity of central Ottawa to stay away from windows and roofs as they searched for additional suspects.::::::::The nearby University of Ottawa was placed on lockdown, as well as all local police buildings and the US embassy.::::::::In the evening, police lifted the lockdown in the city centre saying there was no longer any threat to the public in the area.::::::::But it added that investigations continued on Parliament Hill, which was closed to the public.::::::::In a telephone call with Mr Harper, US President Barack Obama condemned the attacks and reaffirmed the two nations' close friendship.::::::::Are you in the area? You can share your experience by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.::::::::[an error occurred while processing this directive]::::::::Send your pictures and videos to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to 61124 (UK) or +44 7624 800 100 (international). Or you can upload here.	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/mlb/2014/10/22/royals-giants-game-2-world-series-billy-butler/17754459/	Butler ignites Royals offense in Game 2	USA TODAY	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 21:24:33 -0700	Edt October;A M	butler;royals;game	KANSAS CITY, Mo. --Billy Butler doesn't know if he'll be back in Kansas City next year, let alone next week, but he did everything in his power Wednesday night to assure this Royals' team will never be forgotten. The Royals won their first World Series victory ...	KANSAS CITY, Mo. --Billy Butler doesn't know if he'll be back in Kansas City next year, let alone next week, but he did everything in his power Wednesday night to assure this Royals' team will never be forgotten.::::::::The Royals won their first World Series victory in nearly three decades, 7-2 in Game 2, over the San Francisco Giants, and letting everyone know they plan on sticking around awhile in this Series.::::::::The sellout crowd of 40,446 at Kauffman Stadium, standing throughout most of the game and screaming until their lungs burned, loved every minute of it.::::::::This is the Royals' team they fell in love with during the season.::::::::This is the team that captured their imagination, winning with speed, timely defense, and, oh yeah, that spectacular bullpen.::::::::And Butler reminded them of another icon in time, becoming the first Royals' player to provide the tying and go-ahead hit in the same postseason game since George Brett in the 1985 American League Championship Series against the Toronto Blue Jays.::::::::It was that kind of night for the big fella.::::::::It was that kind of night for the Royals, who have tied the Series at 1-game apiece, sending it back to San Francisco for the next three games beginning Friday night at AT&T Park.::::::::"I definitely felt it was a must-win for us,'' Butler said.::::::::Butler, who'll be a free agent if the Royals don't pick up his $12 million option, ignited the Royals' offense in the first inning with his run-scoring single off Jake Peavy. And he was the one who drove in the go-ahead run in the sixth inning with his single off Jean Machi.::::::::"That was a monster hit for us,'' Royals manager Ned Yost said. "He came up big for us. Whoever scored that third run was going to win.''::::::::Butler must have felt the way, even taking a curtain call with his go-ahead single during the pitching change. He was the one even playing peacemaker during Giants rookie pitcher Hunter Strickland's meltdown.::::::::Hey, nothing like a benches-clearing incident, and a few hot tempers, to liven things up the World Series.::::::::The drama got started in the sixth inning, with the Giants emptying their bullpen with four relievers facing six batters. By the time the smoke cleared, the Royals blew the game open with five runs, including Omar Infante's first homer in 145 career postseason at-bats. It was the second-longest drought in major league history.::::::::It also inflamed some old-fashioned hostilities, with Strickland screaming at Royals catcher Salvador Perez, who was waiting for Infante at the plate. Perez yelled right back at him.::::::::And suddenly, everyone started screaming at everyone, with Perez getting out of Infante's way to let him touch the plate on his way home, and then resuming yelling back at Stickland.::::::::The benches emptied, and peace was restored, with Butler coming out onto the field to make sure there was no further commotion.::::::::"I was kind of surprised by the whole thing,'' Infante said. "I got to home plate, and I heard the umpire (Eric Cooper) yelling at the pitcher. Then I saw (Strickland) walking towards Salvy. I don't know exactly what happened.::::::::"All I know is I hit a home run and the pitcher got upset for some reason.''::::::::Said Peavy: "I'll let you ask him (what he said). I don't know him well enough to know what makes him click."::::::::Who knows what the repercussions will be, but it could be the last time we see Strickland in a key situation the rest of this Series. The kid has faced 23 batters this postseason, and five of them homered off him.::::::::He actually has given up more homers in this postseason than he did all year in the major leagues and minors.::::::::"Just frustration on his part,'' Giants manager Bruce Bochy said. "It was intense. He's an intense kid. He's a competitor. It just got away from him.::::::::"He's going to have to keep his poise.::::::::"But he'll be out there.''::::::::No matter, the hot tempers weren't going to spoil the Royals' first World Series victory since 1985, and all of Butler's glory.::::::::Butler, who has been with the Royals' organization for 10 years, would love the chance to even bat again. He has been the DH the first two games, and with the series shifting to San Francisco, he may be sitting until Game 6 when a DH is employed again in Kansas City.::::::::If there is no Game 6, and this was his final game at Kauffman Stadium, Butler made sure it was memorable.::::::::"There's been a lot more tough times than there's been good,'' Butler said, "but his is a great experience. To see us come and to see this process go from the beginning, to where we are now, it's incredible.::::::::"I don't think that has anything to do with the contract situation, but just being here and being able to experience it with these guys that I've played my whole career with, it's an incredible honor.''::::::::Butler made sure the experience will last even longer, with a whole lot of help from his buddies.::::::::Certainly, the Royals proved they aren't going away, showcasing their stellar bullpen for the Giants to witness for themselves.::::::::"They're a gritty club,'' Bochy said. "We know it's going to be a tough series. With their pitching, and our pitching, and the way both teams play, we were going to have a fight every game.''::::::::The Giants were able to drive rookie starter Yordano Ventura out of the game after just 5 1/3 innings -- with Ventura recording only one swing-and-miss strike on the 63 fastballs he threw.::::::::Yet, once the Royals turned to their bullpen, the Giants were done, getting just one hit in the final 3 2/3 innings with six strikeouts.::::::::The Giants were threatening with runners on first and second with one out in the sixth when Yost turned to Kelvin Herrera. He got the Giant's attention in a hurry. His first pitch was clocked at 101 mph. He threw nine pitches. Eight were clocked at 100 or 101 mph.::::::::You guessed it, the Giants went down, with Brandon Belt flying out and Michael Morse's grounding out.::::::::It was the last time the Giants made any noise the rest of the night, with Wade Davis pitching the eighth inning and Greg Holland closing out the ninth.::::::::Herrera's shut-down outing also seemed to spark the Royals' offense. Peavy, pitching like this were 2007 again when he won the Cy Young award with the San Diego Padres, retired 10 consecutive batters.::::::::Certainly, he resembled the guy who went 6-4 with a 2.17 ERA in 12 starts for the Giants after being acquired at the trade deadline from the Boston Red Sox.::::::::Yet, the Royals finally got to Peavy in the sixth. Lorenzo Cain led off with a bloop single. Eric Hosmer drew a walk. It ended Peavy's night, and for the eighth consecutive postseason start, he failed to last through the sixth inning.::::::::The fireworks were just getting started.::::::::Butler drove in the go-ahead run of Machi for a 3-2 Royals' lead. After Javier Lopez retired Alex Gordon on a fly ball, Strickland came into the game to face Perez. He greeted him with a two-run double. Infante followed with a two-run homer.::::::::And the party was just starting with the sell-out crowd.::::::::We have a World Series now.::::::::It's proving to be a dandy.	
http://www.sfgate.com/nation/article/Man-apprehended-after-climbing-White-House-fence-5841447.php	Man apprehended after climbing White House fence	SFGate	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 21:04:11 -0700	Associated Press	white house fence	WASHINGTON — An unidentified man was in the custody Wednesday night after he climbed over the White House fence and was swiftly apprehended on the North Lawn by uniformed Secret Service agents and their dogs. The incident came about a month ...	WASHINGTON — An unidentified man was in the custody Wednesday night after he climbed over the White House fence and was swiftly apprehended on the North Lawn by uniformed Secret Service agents and their dogs.::::::::The incident came about a month after a previous White House fence jumper sprinted across the same lawn, past armed uniformed agents and entered the mansion before he was felled in the ceremonial East Room and taken into custody.::::::::That embarrassing Sept. 19 incident preceded the disclosure of other serious Secret Service breaches in security for President Obama and ultimately led to Julia Pierson’s resignation as director of the agency after 18 months on the job.::::::::The man in Wednesday’s incident climbed the Pennsylvania Avenue fence shortly after 7 p.m. and was immediately apprehended by uniformed agents and K-9 teams that constantly patrol the grounds.::::::::Video of the incident shows a man in white shorts on the lawn just inside the fence. The video shows that man lifting his shirt as if to show that he is unarmed. He is then seen kicking and punching two Secret Service dogs that were released on him.::::::::The man was being taken to a local hospital, Leary said.	
http://www.businessweek.com/news/2014-10-23/cadwalader-probes-unc-academic-fraud-business-of-law	Cadwalader Probes UNC Academic Fraud: Business of Law	Businessweek	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 21:18:31 -0700	Ellen Rosen	cadwalader probes unc academic fraud	When a 131-page report on academic fraud at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill was released yesterday, Kenneth Wainstein of Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP, took the stage. Wainstein led an eight-month investigation into so-called paper ...	When a 131-page report on academic fraud at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill was released yesterday, Kenneth Wainstein of Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP, took the stage.::::::::Wainstein led an eight-month investigation into so-called paper classes that had no faculty involvement and no attendance. Almost half of the 3,100 students who took the classes were athletes.::::::::The investigation team, including associates A. Joseph Jay III and Colleen Depman Kukowski “put their hearts and souls,” into the investigation, Wainstein said yesterday at a press conference that was streamed live online.::::::::When he was first called, Wainstein, a former Justice U.S. Department attorney, commended the university for asking him to conduct, and then cooperating with, a “completely independent” investigation.::::::::“I do independent investigations for a living and I can tell you that whenever you’re dealing with an organization, be it a corporation or a school or an association, it’s a difficult decision to ask an outsider to come in and look around your business and find the faults,” he said.::::::::Wainstein, who also previously was a Homeland Security adviser, said the scope of the investigation included how the classes came into existence, their purpose and the role the athletics department played, among other questions.::::::::He explained the methodology of the investigation at the press conference.::::::::“We reviewed prior reports, which were very sound reports, and those provided the building blocks of our investigation,” he said. He and his team consulted with state prosecutors and the FBI and “received the fruits of their criminal investigation.”::::::::They collected all electronic documents that could be “potentially relevant,” which translated to “100 gigabytes of information and 1.6 million separate e-mails.”::::::::The messages were a “critical piece” in getting people to remember what happened years before, Wainstein said.::::::::Beginning in 2010, a series of probes revealed the university had improperly cut corners to help athletes get better grades. The scandal has roiled the campus and drawn a harsh national spotlight, shaking up the football program and leading to the resignation of Chancellor Holden Thorp, who departed last year.::::::::The university, which has won five national basketball championships, said yesterday that it will discipline nine more employees for an academic fraud that spanned 18 years and made it easier for athletes to maintain academic eligibility to play.::::::::For more, click here.::::::::Lawyers for the athletes who sued the National Collegiate Athletic Association over their ability to receive a share of game revenue are seeking $50.2 million in fees and expenses.::::::::In a motion filed Oct. 21, the attorneys at Hausfeld LLP, which was class counsel, said the firm “supervised and coordinated the work of 31 law firms” representing the plaintiffs in the antitrust case.::::::::“The complexities of, and risks associated with, this litigation defy comparison to most other contingent antitrust matters in recent history,” the firm said.::::::::According to the affidavit of lead attorney Michael Hausfeld, the lawyers, paralegals and legal staff at the firm spent “27,335.30 hours working on the case,” valued at $15,573,310. The lawyers from the other 31 firms incurred fees of $29,399,097.::::::::Although there were some restrictions, U.S. District Judge Claudia Wilken in August ruled that the NCAA can’t prohibit students from getting paid for licensing their names and likenesses and ruled that the NCAA can’t bar schools from offering to put a share of licensing revenue aside for players, to be paid after they leave school.::::::::The NCAA can cap the payments, but they can’t be less than $5,000 per year of play, the Oakland, California-based federal judge held.::::::::The Indianapolis-based NCAA, the governing body for most U.S. college sports, on Oct. 21 filed its appeal. Munger Tolles & Olson LLP and Schiff Hardin LLP are representing the association.::::::::The case is O’Bannon v. National Collegiate Athletic Association, 09-cv-03329, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (Oakland).::::::::Lisa S. Rivera, a former federal prosecutor in Tennessee, has joined Bass, Berry & Sims PLC as a member in the firm’s litigation and health-care-fraud practice group.::::::::With more than 20 years of experience including commercial litigation, criminal prosecution and pursuing health-care False Claims Act cases, Rivera will focus on advising health-care providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers, medical-device companies and other clients on matters related to both civil and criminal health-care fraud and abuse, as well as government investigations and enforcement, the firm said in a statement.::::::::For the past 13 years, Rivera served in Nashville as an assistant U.S. attorney in both the criminal and civil divisions, with a focus on health-care fraud during the last 10 years.::::::::Cozen O’Connor added several partners to its ranks. George Gowen is returning as a partner in Philadelphia, Wendy Enerson has joined as a partner in Chicago and Elan Kandel is a new partner in New York.::::::::Gowen, a former litigation partner with expertise in health-care, securities, corporate governance and commercial transactions, rejoins the firm from food and facilities services provider Aramark, where he was associate general counsel and oversaw the company’s legal relations with health-care systems across the country and provided expertise in fraud and abuse compliance, among other compliance and regulatory matters.::::::::At Cozen O’Connor, Gowen will focus on business litigation, health-care law, investigations and compliance initiatives.::::::::Enerson focuses on insurance litigation and dispute resolution. She was previously at Dentons, as was Kevin Kamraczewski, who joined Cozen earlier this year.::::::::Enerson’s practice includes insurance coverage, securities and consumer class-action defense, shareholder disputes and general commercial litigation. Her trial and appellate experience spans state and federal courts, and she has particular experience with class-action and complex insurance-related litigation.::::::::She has also represented insurers in coverage disputes involving general liability, environmental contamination, asbestos-related claims, sexual-abuse claims and bad faith claims.::::::::Kandel is joining the firm’s global insurance department. Formerly a partner at Kaufman Borgest & Ryan LLP, Kandel advises on all aspects of claims involving private-equity firms and their portfolio companies, including professional liability, director-and-officer liability, employment-practices liability and fiduciary liability, the firm said in a statement.::::::::To contact the reporter on this story: Ellen Rosen in New York at erosen14@bloomberg.net::::::::To contact the editors responsible for this story: Michael Hytha at mhytha@bloomberg.net Charles Carter, Andrew Dunn	
http://www.sfgate.com/health/article/Bay-Area-s-Vaxart-seeks-to-test-experimental-5841166.php	Bay Area’s Vaxart seeks to test experimental Ebola vaccine	SFGate	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 21:19:40 -0700	Stephanie M	area’s vaxart;ebola	A South San Francisco company is reviving an experimental Ebola vaccine that it previously shelved, joining other companies and health agencies in the rush to contain the deadly disease in West Africa. The potential vaccine from Vaxart and promising ...	A South San Francisco company is reviving an experimental Ebola vaccine that it previously shelved, joining other companies and health agencies in the rush to contain the deadly disease in West Africa.::::::::The potential vaccine from Vaxart and promising treatments and tools from scientists in the Bay Area and beyond form a growing response to an international public health emergency that has escalated since March. More than 4,800 people have died in the biggest outbreak of Ebola, which has no approved treatments or vaccines.::::::::But none of the vaccines under development has been proved to work, nor is it clear how much they could help stem the current crisis.::::::::In 2012, Vaxart was developing a vaccine that showed improved signs of immunity against Ebola in mice. It stopped testing later that year because the disease at that point had spread too sporadically and in too small numbers to ensure a return on the high cost of investment, the company told The Chronicle in August. Vaxart had said it could not raise funds from the federal government, which sometimes backs biomedical projects that have small commercial markets but could bolster public health and safety.::::::::This week, however, Vaxart reversed course and said it will ask the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to begin a phase I safety trial of its Ebola vaccine in healthy humans early next year. Discussions with federal agencies over the last two months made executives optimistic that the testing process would be sped up and that funding could become available, although no arrangements have been finalized.::::::::“I think Vaxart could make an important contribution and have a vaccine available in the course of 2015, in theory,” said Dr. Wouter Latour, CEO of the privately held pharmaceutical company, which has about 20 employees. “And I think there’s still an important role to play for a vaccine. I’m hopeful.”::::::::Other companies are also rushing to test vaccines. Johnson & Johnson said Wednesday that it will commit $200 million to a vaccine it is developing with Bavarian Nordic and will make an equity investment of about $43 million in the Danish company to help pay for its part in the project. The companies say they plan to start safety trials in January and produce 1 million doses in 2015.::::::::Inovio Pharmaceuticals in Pennsylvania and Protein Sciences in Connecticut are also working on vaccines that could be ready to start testing next year.::::::::The two vaccines furthest along are each being tested in healthy adult volunteers in the United States and outside the main site of the outbreak in West Africa. One was created by the National Institutes of Health and GlaxoSmithKline. The other was developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada and licensed to NewLink Genetics in Iowa.::::::::These are all injections. Vaxart’s vaccines, which are being created for a range of diseases, are tablets.::::::::Latour said the technology’s potential became apparent this month at a scientific conference, where Vaxart said its swine flu vaccine, tested in humans, generated a level of immunity comparable to currently available flu vaccines. “At that point,” Latour said, “we realized we shouldn’t sit on it anymore and should commit resources behind our Ebola program, given the ongoing crisis.”::::::::Pills are appealing, he said, because they can be easily made, shipped, stored and administered. Unlike injectable doses, they do not need to be cooled below certain temperatures, which can be difficult in areas where medical infrastructure is scarce.::::::::Latour said the plan is to conduct more animal testing in the next few months in a high-security laboratory in partnership with the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases.::::::::If approved by the FDA, trials would begin near the end of the first quarter of 2015 in a small group of healthy humans, to first ensure that the vaccine can be taken safely. Those studies would likely be done in the United States, Latour said.::::::::Provided those go well, the vaccine would next be tested in countries around the world. In a best-case scenario, the pills could be in the field by the end of 2015, Latour said.::::::::Many challenges await vaccines that have only been tested in animals, said Dr. Charles Chiu, an associate professor of laboratory medicine and infectious diseases at UCSF.::::::::“We don’t really know about safety,” he said. “We don’t even know if they’ll work, if they’re effective. We don’t know if companies will be able to scale up production even if they end up being approved.”::::::::Vaccines are crucial for protecting doctors and nurses, Chiu said. On the other hand, vaccines may not make it to West Africa soon enough to inoculate the population at large.::::::::“But it’s certainly not too late for future outbreaks,” he said. “We’ve had several outbreaks — more than 10 in Africa since 1976. This is something that will happen again.”::::::::Chiu and researchers are examining Ebola patients’ blood samples for biomarkers that can help diagnose patients before they show the telltale symptoms of fever, diarrhea and weakness. Other local scientists and clinicians pitching in include Dr. Dan Kelly of UCSF, who has trained health workers to treat patients in Sierra Leone, and biotech startup OncoSynergy, which has crowdfunded an experiment to see if its potential cancer drug can be harnessed to fight Ebola.::::::::Nanomix, a 25-employee startup in Emeryville, has developed a diagnostic tool that it says is an improvement over polymerase chain reaction machines, the current means of diagnosing Ebola. These machines can analyze DNA from blood samples with precision, but they require intensive training, take hours to produce results and are heavy.::::::::In contrast, Nanomix says its light, relatively inexpensive handheld device can analyze proteins in a blood sample and diagnose Ebola in minutes. It can differentiate between diseases with similar symptoms, like Lassa fever.::::::::“All you need is you need to take (human) blood and put it into the cartridge, stick it into the reader, press the button and it tells you what the answer is,” said CEO David Ludvigson.::::::::Tulane University researchers have tested the device in Sierra Leone, and it performed well in hospitals there. But more testing needs to be done before the device can be finalized and shipped, and for that, Nanomix would need financial help from the government. Ludvigson estimates the devices could be ready to go in three to six months.::::::::“While three months sounds like a long time,” he added, “unfortunately, this problem’s not going to go away very quickly.”	
http://af.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idAFKCN0IB1X220141023	Palestinian driver rams Jerusalem station killing baby	Reuters Africa	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 18:31:02 -0700		palestinian;driver rams;jerusalem	By Ori Lewis. JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A baby died and eight other people were hurt when a Palestinian man slammed his car into pedestrians at a Jerusalem light railway stop, then police shot the driver as he fled, police and a hospital official said. A hospital ...	JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A baby died and eight other people were hurt when a Palestinian man slammed his car into pedestrians at a Jerusalem light railway stop, then police shot the driver as he fled, police and a hospital official said.::::::::A hospital official said the driver later died of his injuries.::::::::Police described the actions of the driver identified as Adbel-Rahman Shaloudi, 21, a Palestinian man of East Jerusalem, as a "terrorist attack," and poured forces into the area to confront one of the worst spikes in violence in weeks in a city at the heart of the Israeli, Palestinian conflict.::::::::In Washington, the U.S. State Department said the baby was "reportedly an American citizen," but did not elaborate.::::::::Video footage aired on Israeli media showed Shaloudi lying on the ground and a plainclothes officer pointing a pistol at him.::::::::Two of the injured pedestrians were in serious condition, police said. Israeli and social media showed photographs of the baby, three months old, struck while in a stroller, swathed in pink as she was carried from the scene. She was buried on Wednesday night.::::::::"We can confirm that this was a terrorist attack. The driver ... is a resident of Silwan and has a terrorist background. He has served time in jail for terror activity," police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said.::::::::Shaloudi's father owned the car used in the assault, police added.   Continued...	
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-10-23/goodfellas-actor-sues-over-simpsons-mafia-character/5836052	Goodfellas actor Frank Sivero sues Fox Television for $285 million over Simpsons mafia character	ABC Online	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 20:03:21 -0700		goodfellas;frank sivero;fox television;simpsons;mafia character	Goodfellas actor Frank Sivero has sued Fox Television for $285 million for allegedly ripping off his "wise guy" cinematic character and using it on the long-running and highly successful television program The Simpsons. Sivero also claimed producers of the ...	Goodfellas actor Frank Sivero has sued Fox Television for $285 million for allegedly ripping off his "wise guy" cinematic character and using it on the long-running and highly successful television program The Simpsons.::::::::Sivero also claimed producers of the hit cartoon series had promised to make a film with him but later reneged and had therefore simply used him to study his character.::::::::He claimed The Simpsons writers stole the character and used it for Louie, a member of the Springfield mafia whose boss was Fat Tony.::::::::Sivero also starred in The Godfather Part II.::::::::In his court claim, Sivero stated he had been living in the same Los Angeles-area apartment complex as The Simpson writers in 1989.::::::::"During this time, [the] writers knew who Sivero was, and they saw each other almost every day," the lawsuit stated.::::::::"They knew he was developing the character he was to play in the movie Goodfellas," it claimed.::::::::Goodfellas was released in 1990 and was a box office and critical hit, winning an Oscar and being nominated for five more.::::::::The movie also earned nearly twice its $28.5 million budget in the US alone.::::::::"Just one year later The Simpsons went on to base one of their 'wise guy' characters on the character Frankie Carbone, a character played and developed by Sivero," the court claim said.::::::::In a separate count, Sivero claims The Simpsons producer James Brooks led him to believe they would make a film together, "but it never happened".::::::::It was also claimed that at a party in 1995 or 1996, Sivero had another conversation with Mr Brooks, "where Sivero stated 'it's about time we do something together'. Mr Brooks said yes, but this again never materialised".::::::::Sivero has demanded $57 million in damages for loss of his likeness, $114 million for improper interference, and $114 million for appropriation of his "confidential" idea.::::::::The lawsuit stated that The Simpsons franchise, including the TV series, movie, video game and associated merchandising, has made over $13.7 billion to date.::::::::Representatives for 21st Century Fox, the parent company of Fox Television Studios, have not yet responded to requests for comment.	
http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2014/10/21/renee-zellweger-nearly-unrecognizable-after-radical-facial-transformation/	Fans: Renee Zellweger nearly unrecognizable after mysterious facial changes	Fox News	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 20:25:57 -0700		fans;renee zellweger;mysterious facial changes	Actress Renee Zellweger caused an Internet frenzy after she stepped out Monday night looking like a different person at the 2014 Elle Women in Hollywood Awards. The nearly unrecognizable star has long been rumored to have gone under the knife in the ...	Actress Renee Zellweger caused an Internet frenzy after she stepped out Monday night looking like a different person at the 2014 Elle Women in Hollywood Awards.::::::::The nearly unrecognizable star has long been rumored to have gone under the knife in the past, but her most recent change in appearance was even more dramatic, leading plastic surgeons to posit that she may have had work done.::::::::"It looks like she had eyelid surgery, blepharoplasty, botox, lip fillers and cheek fillers," founder and partner of Fountain Medical Group Dr. Todd Schlifstein, who doesn't treat Zellweger, told FOX411. "It appears she changed the shape of eye and eyelid. She removed excess skin, tightened skin around the area."::::::::Another facial plastic surgeon, Dr. John Scheibelhoffer, explained that the most striking difference in the 45-year-old's face is the change in her eye shape.::::::::"The big thing that strikes me is her eye shape has changed from almond to oval," he speculated. "Her eyes are much more open. The bottom third of her face doesn’t look all the different. She could have done fillers in her cheeks, her nose doesn’t look all that different."::::::::Many fans took to Twitter to share their confusion over the "Jerry Maguire" star's new look.::::::::Others said they like her new look while some argued the frenzy over Zellweger's appearance was sexist.::::::::The actress has also come under scrutiny for her yo-yoing weight. She lost and gained several pounds to play the lead role in the "Bridget Jones Diary" film series.::::::::"When you read reports that you are starving yourself or that you are anorexic it’s very unfair and disappointing," she told British media outlet Daily Express in 2013. "It's not very pleasant to read reports which say you've gone too far or this or that."	
http://www.haaretz.com/news/world/1.622188	Canadian soldier killed in attack near parliament; Netanyahu, Obama offer condolences - World Israel News	Haaretz	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 23:24:53 -0700		canadian soldier;netanyahu;obama;israel	PM Stephen Harper safe and has been evacuated from parliament, building under lockdown, PM's office says; Canadian police: attack 'caught us by surprise.' By Reuters and The Associated Press | Oct. 23, 2014 | 3:33 AM | 3 ...	A gunman attacked Canada's parliament on Wednesday, with gunfire erupting near where Prime Minister Stephen Harper was speaking, and a soldier was fatally shot at a nearby war memorial, stunning the Canadian capital.::::::::The gunman in the parliament building was shot dead, and Harper was safely removed in incidents that may have been linked to Islamic militants.::::::::Witness accounts indicated the man who shot dead the soldier guarding the National War Memorial in central Ottawa, went on to attack the parliament building minutes later. Canadian police said however they could not "at this point" confirm it was the same person.::::::::Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called Harper late Wednesday to extend condolences on behalf of the Israeli people following the terror attack.::::::::Netanyahu expressed full support for Canada's fight against terror, a struggle to which he said that Israel and the international community were partners.::::::::President Barack Obama called the shooting in Canada on Wednesday "tragic" and said it reinforced the need for vigilance.::::::::Obama, speaking to reporters at the White House, said he did not yet have information on the motivation of the shooter or whether he was part of a broader network.::::::::Obama said it was important for Canada and the United States to be in sync when it came to dealing with terrorist activity.::::::::The shootings followed an attack on two soldiers in Quebec on Monday carried out by a convert to Islam. Two U.S. officials said U.S. agencies had been advised the dead gunman in Wednesday's shootings was also a Canadian convert to Islam.::::::::Witnesses said a flurry of shots were fired after a gunman entered the parliament building, pursued by police.::::::::The Conservative Party caucus room is shown shortly after shooting began on Parliament Hill, in Ottawa, Ontario, October 22, 2014, taken and provided by MP Nina Grewal. (Reuters)::::::::The assault took place very near the room where Harper was meeting with members of his Conservative party, a government minister said.::::::::"PM (Harper) was addressing caucus, then a huge boom, followed by rat-a-tat shots. We all scattered. It was clearly right outside our caucus door," Treasury Board Minister Tony Clement told Reuters.::::::::Canada's prime minister said later on Wednesday that the fatal shooting and a hit-and-run that killed another earlier this week are grim reminders that Canada is not immune to terrorism.::::::::"But let there be no misunderstanding, we will not be intimidated. Canada will never be intimidated," Prime Minister Stephen Harper said in a televised address to the nation.::::::::Harper said the two, separate attacks will strengthen Canada's resolve to work to keep Canada safe and work with allies around the world to fight terrorist organizations.::::::::The incident, shocking in Canada's normally tranquil capital, began shortly before 10 a.m. ET (1400 GMT) and was not over late in the afternoon. Parliament and buildings in downtown remained on emergency lockdown at 6 p.m. Police later removed the lockdown in the downtown area of Ottawa.::::::::Canadian police were investigating a man named as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau as a possible suspect in the shootings, a source familiar with the matter said. U.S. government sources said the suspect was born Michael Joseph Hall but later changed his legal family name to Zehaf-Bibeau.::::::::Security in Ottawa came under criticism after the gunman was able to run through the unlocked front door of the main parliament building. Police said an operation was under way to make parliament safe.::::::::"It caught us by surprise... If we had known that this was coming, we would have been able to disrupt it," Gilles Michaud, assistant commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, (RCMP) told a news conference.::::::::It was unclear whether there was any connection between Wednesday's shootings and an attack on Monday when a convert to Islam ran down two Canadian soldiers with his car, killing one, near Montreal, before being shot dead by police in the first fatal attack on Canadian soil tied to Islamic militants.::::::::No group, Islamic or otherwise, claimed responsibility for either the attack in Ottawa or the one near Montreal. Monday's attacker, 25-year-old Martin Rouleau, who converted to Islam last year, was among 90 people being tracked by the RCMP on suspicion of taking part in militant activities abroad or planning to do so.::::::::Canada announced this month it was joining the battle against Islamic State fighters who have taken over parts of Iraq and Syria.::::::::From witness accounts it appeared the suspect dashed into parliament, ran past the room where Harper was speaking and was gunned down outside the entrance to the library, only about 60 feet (20 meters) away.::::::::Police on guard near the National War Memorial in Ottawa, Canada on October 22, 2014. (AFP)::::::::Dramatic video footage posted by the Globe and Mail newspaper showed police with guns drawn inside the main parliament building. At least a dozen loud bangs can be heard on the clip, echoing through the hallway.::::::::Veterans Affairs Minister Julian Fantino, a former policeman, told the Toronto Sun that parliament's head of security, Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers, shot dead a suspected gunman.::::::::Canadian cabinet minister Jason Kenney said a guard in parliament buildings was also wounded in the incident.::::::::Harper stressed that government and parliament should continue its work, a spokesman said. "While the prime minister stated that facts are still being gathered, he condemned this despicable attack," the spokesman said.::::::::Harper, who was meeting with cabinet ministers on Wednesday evening, was expected to make a statement later in the day.::::::::Canada said on Tuesday it had raised the national terrorism threat level to medium from low because of a rise in "general chatter" from radical groups such as Islamic State and al Qaeda but said there had not been a specific threat.::::::::The RCMP's Michaud said the threat level on Parliament Hill had been on medium for some time.::::::::The soldier who died in the shooting at the War Memorial was identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, according to his aunt.::::::::Cirillo was a member of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, a regiment of Reserve Forces based in Hamilton, and was training to join the Canada Border Services Agency, a federal agency responsible for border and immigration enforcement, his aunt told The Globe and Mail.::::::::It was not clear if Cirillo was armed or not when he was shot.::::::::'You are in danger here'::::::::The attack on the heart of the country's government shook Canada's self-image as generally non-violent, particularly compared to the United States, where gun violence is much more common. Canadian cities and towns hiked security around government buildings, schools and mass transit systems.::::::::As the drama in Ottawa unfolded, police in dark bulletproof vests and carrying automatic rifles flooded the streets near parliament, clearing several blocks of downtown Ottawa.::::::::Some took cover behind vehicles and shouted to people to clear the area, saying: "We do not have the suspect in custody. You are in danger here."::::::::When the shooting started, most members of parliament were in the two caucus rooms past which the gunman ran. Members were told to lock or barricade themselves in their rooms or offices, and stay away from the windows.::::::::A tweeted picture sent from the room where the opposition New Democrats were holding a weekly caucus showed a pile of chairs jammed up against the main door to prevent anyone from entering.::::::::U.S. officials said there was no specific indication of a similar attack in the United States, a strong Canadian ally, but reinforced warnings to Americans to be alert.::::::::"As a matter of precaution due to recent events, the FBI has reminded our field offices and government partners to remain vigilant in light of recent calls for attacks against government personnel by terrorist groups and like-minded individuals," U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation spokesman Paul Bresson said.::::::::Canadian and U.S. stock markets declined after the shootings in Ottawa. The Toronto Stock Exchange's TSX index dropped 1.6 percent, while the S&P 500 gave back 0.7 percent.::::::::Mass shootings are relatively rare in Canada, which has stricter gun laws than the United States, and the regulations at one point included a national registry of rifles and shotguns. Legislation was passed in 2012 to scrap the registry.::::::::Ottawa also has a low murder rate. There were nine homicides in 2013 and seven in 2012, in a city of 885,000 people. Compared with Capitol Hill in Washington, security on Parliament Hill is also fairly low key. Anybody could walk right up to the front door of parliament's Centre Block with arms and explosives without being challenged before entering the front door, where a few guards check accreditation.::::::::Centre Block is the main building on Parliament Hill, a sprawling complex of buildings and open space in downtown Ottawa. It contains the House of Commons and Senate chambers as well as the offices of some members of parliament, senators, and senior administration for both legislative houses.::::::::A construction worker who was on the scene in Ottawa when the shooting began told Reuters he heard a gunshot, and then saw a man with a scarf over his face running towards parliament.::::::::"He was wearing blue pants and a black jacket and he had a double barrelled shotgun and he ran up the side of this building here and hijacked a car at gunpoint," construction worker Scott Walsh told Reuters.::::::::The driver got out safely, then the man drove the car to the Centre Block, where construction work is under way, Walsh said.::::::::The Canadian military closed its bases across the country to the public following the events in Ottawa, CBC TV said.::::::::The attacks in Ottawa and Quebec took place as the Canadian government prepared to boost the powers of its spy agency, the Canadian Security Intelligence Service. Public Safety Minister Stephen Blaney said last Thursday the new legislation would let the agency track and investigate potential terrorists when they travel abroad and ultimately prosecute them.::::::::Outside Washington, unspecified extra security was authorized at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Arlington National Cemetery, where ceremonial guards mount a constant watch, a U.S. Defense Department official said.	
http://www.voanews.com/content/white-house-fence-jumper-prompts-lockdown-again/2493274.html	White House Fence-Jumper Prompts Lockdown, Again	Voice of America	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 22:56:13 -0700	Voa News	white house;fence-jumper prompts lockdown	A 23-year-old man is in police custody Thursday after he climbed over a White House fence, prompting a lockdown at the U.S. presidential compound in the second such security breach since September. A Secret Service spokesman said Dominic Adesanya, ...	A 23-year-old man is in police custody Thursday after he climbed over a White House fence, prompting a lockdown at the U.S. presidential compound in the second such security breach since September.::::::::A Secret Service spokesman said Dominic Adesanya, a Maryland resident, was apprehended after security staff and dogs caught him around 7 p.m. local time.::::::::The intruder reportedly kicked at the dogs; two were taken to a veterinarian to be treated for injuries sustained during the incident, according to the spokesman.::::::::Adesanya’s father told a local TV station that his son suffered from paranoia and believed he was under surveillance.::::::::No charges have yet been announced in the case.::::::::In a similar scene last month, Omar Gonzalez, a 42-year-old Army vet, allegedly ran across the lawn and into the White House while armed with a knife before being detained.::::::::He also had more than 800 rounds of ammunition, two hatchets and a machete in his car. Gonzalez faces is accused of "assaulting, resisting, or impeding" U.S. Secret Service agents.::::::::The unprecedented security breach led to congressional hearings and the resignation of Julia Pierson as Secret Service director.	
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-10-23/journalist-says-corruption-at-the-heart-of-mexicos/5836782	Journalist says corruption at the heart of Mexico's drug war	ABC Online	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 22:07:56 -0700	Beverley O'connor	journalist;mexico;'s drug war	Protesters have set fire to the city hall building in Iguala, Mexico, in a display of rage over the unsolved disappearances of 43 students in the southern state of Guerrero. The students went missing after violent clashes with police on September 25. Journalist ...	Protesters have set fire to the city hall building in Iguala, Mexico, in a display of rage over the unsolved disappearances of 43 students in the southern state of Guerrero.::::::::The students went missing after violent clashes with police on September 25.::::::::Journalist Annabel Hernandez has written an explosive book, Narcoland, about Mexico's drug cartels and the government-business nexus that enables them.::::::::Beverley O'Connor asked her whether the disappearance of the students was the harsh reality of life in Mexico.	
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-10-23/former-blackwater-guards-found-guilty-of-baghdad-killings/5836682	Former Blackwater guards found guilty of manslaughter, murder over 2007 Baghdad killings	ABC Online	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 23:35:24 -0700		blackwater;baghdad	A US federal jury has found three former Blackwater guards guilty of manslaughter, and a fourth guilty of murder, in connection with the 2007 killing of 14 unarmed Iraqis in Baghdad. The decision closed a case that outraged Iraqis, inflamed anti-American ...	A US federal jury has found three former Blackwater guards guilty of manslaughter, and a fourth guilty of murder, in connection with the 2007 killing of 14 unarmed Iraqis in Baghdad.::::::::The decision closed a case that outraged Iraqis, inflamed anti-American sentiment across the globe and touched off debate over the role of private security contractors working for the US government in war zones.::::::::Americans Paul Slough, 35, Dustin Heard, 33, and Evan Liberty, 32, were convicted of voluntary manslaughter in connection with at least 12 deaths at Nisur Square, where a heavily armed Blackwater Worldwide convoy had been trying to clear a path for US diplomats.::::::::The Washington jury also found the three guilty of attempted manslaughter in connection with the wounding of at least 11 Iraqis. They face at least 30 years in prison.::::::::A fourth guard, Nicholas Slatten, 30, was convicted of murder and faces a life sentence.::::::::Lawyers for Liberty and Heard said they planned to appeal, but lawyers for Slatten and Slough did not immediately respond to a request for comment.::::::::The massacre on September 16, 2007, stood out for its brazenness, even during a war replete with grisly incidents, and formed a tense backdrop to talks between the US and Iraq over the rules governing the continued presence of US forces in Iraq.::::::::"This verdict is a resounding affirmation of the commitment of the American people to the rule of law, even in times of war," said Washington US attorney Ronald Machen, whose office prosecuted the case.::::::::Prosecutors flew 30 Iraqis to the United States to testify, including some who were wounded in the shooting, and drew on the testimony of nine other guards in the unit.::::::::One former guard, Jeremy Ridgeway, pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in 2008 and testified against his former colleagues.::::::::During the trial, the government sought to portray the guards as recklessly unleashing massive firepower, including multiple grenades not designed for use in urban areas, on innocent Iraqi civilians, including women and children.::::::::Lawyers for the guards had argued that while the loss of life was unfortunate, the men were operating in a volatile war zone and had used their weapons only in response to incoming fire and a vehicle that appeared to be a car bomb.::::::::The defendants' lawyers presented four of their own witnesses but extensively cross-examined government witnesses and tried to draw attention to inconsistencies in the testimony.::::::::Jurors during deliberations considered nearly 100 different questions about the shooting.::::::::Much of the case turned on whether the unit was facing incoming fire or whether a white car realistically appeared to be a car bomb bearing down on the convoy.::::::::The trial came after years of stumbles and false starts, as the case dragged on amid problems with evidence, much of it due to a flawed investigation by the US State Department.::::::::A grand jury first indicted five guards on manslaughter charges in 2008, but a federal judge dismissed the charges the following year, saying prosecutors had relied too heavily on statements the guards gave to State Department investigators, which were explicitly not to be used for criminal prosecution.::::::::An appeals court later reinstated the case, and prosecutors brought new charges against four of the guards last year.::::::::But in April prosecutors faced another setback, when an appeals court panel ended the manslaughter case against Slatten, saying prosecutors had waited too long to charge him.::::::::The US attorney's office responded in May by obtaining the murder indictment against him, which was not subject to a statute of limitations but was harder to prove.::::::::North Carolina-based Blackwater was sold and renamed several times, and merged with another security contractor, Triple Canopy, which now has the same State Department contract to protect officials in Iraq that Blackwater had in 2007.	
http://www.sfgate.com/news/texas/article/Police-At-least-1-dead-in-Texas-hospital-shooting-5840492.php	Police: 2 dead in Texas hospital shooting	SFGate	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 14:22:15 -0700		texas;hospital shooting	Photo: Brett Coomer, AP Lavell Byrd, a customer who witnessed the shooting at the Ben Taub Outpatient Pharmacy, holds up his pharmacy ticket outside Ben Taub General Hospital following a shooting in the outpatient pharmacy on Wednesday, Oct. 22, ...	HOUSTON (AP) — Police say a man walked up to a female co-worker in a Houston hospital pharmacy and shot her fatally before turning the gun on himself.::::::::The incident happened Wednesday afternoon at the Ben Taub Hospital pharmacy, which is situated in a building separate from the main hospital.::::::::According to a witness and surveillance video, the man approached the woman from behind at her cubicle work station, shot her, then shot himself. Police say both died at the scene, but no other injuries were reported.::::::::Houston police spokesman John Cannon says witnesses reported the man may have made advances on the woman recently. It was unclear if she had spurned those advances.	
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-29735806	Pakistan attack kills eight on Quetta bus	BBC News	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 23:26:34 -0700		pakistan;attack kills;quetta	Eight people have been killed after gunmen opened fire on a bus carrying Shia Muslims in the Pakistani city of Quetta, officials say. A bus carrying members of the city's Hazara community was targeted outside a local vegetable market. Police told the AFP ...	Eight people have been killed after gunmen opened fire on a bus carrying Shia Muslims in the Pakistani city of Quetta, officials say.::::::::A bus carrying members of the city's Hazara community was targeted outside a local vegetable market.::::::::Police told the AFP news agency that four gunmen killed six men in a minibus before chasing down another two and shooting them dead.::::::::Hundreds of Shia Hazaras in Quetta have been killed in such attacks over the last several years But no group has yet said it carried out this latest attack.::::::::Over the years the city's Shias have been angered by what they say is a lack of protection for them against sectarian attacks.::::::::The last attack took place on 4 October, when a suicide bomber detonated explosives in a Shia neighbourhood of Quetta, killing at least five people.::::::::Quetta is the capital of Balochistan province, which borders Iran and Afghanistan, and has been plagued by a separatist rebellion as well as sectarian violence.	
http://www.dailytarheel.com/article/2014/10/wainstein-report-might-be-the-conclusion-to-uncs-academic-scandal	Wainstein report might be the conclusion to UNC's academic scandal	The Daily Tar Heel	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 22:59:33 -0700	Grace Raynor;Amanda Albright;Corey Risinger;Maggie Monsrud;Everett Handy;Jordan Nash;It Was All A Lie;Bradley Saacks;Mohammed Hedadji	wainstein;unc;academic scandal	It was an athletic scandal — a scheme devised, ultimately, by an administrative assistant and the former chairman of the Department of African and Afro-American Studies. The two were asked by the athletic teams' academic counselors to keep athletes ...	After years of questions and insufficient responses, Wednesday’s press conference gave the final answer.::::::::It was an athletic scandal — a scheme devised, ultimately, by an administrative assistant and the former chairman of the Department of African and Afro-American Studies. The two were asked by the athletic teams’ academic counselors to keep athletes eligible to play. They were desperate to help students who struggled to adapt to UNC’s rigorous academics.::::::::Kenneth Wainstein, the former federal prosecutor hired by UNC to independently investigate academic misconduct, released the findings of his eight-month-long investigation in a 136-page report Wednesday.::::::::The report revealed staggering statistics about the African and Afro-American studies and the ways Deborah Crowder, a secretary in the department until her retirement in 2009, and Julius Nyang’oro, former chairman of the department, created thousands of paper classes.::::::::According to the report, more than 3,100 students received irregular instruction in African and Afro-American studies paper classes, where students would not have to attend class or complete any assignments, except one — a paper due at the end of the semester that Crowder, a non-faculty member, would grade extremely leniently.::::::::Wainstein and his team combed through 1.6 million emails and electronic student records and recruited a team of outside experts from UCLA, George Washington University and Princeton to review 150 student papers that were previously thought to be destroyed.::::::::“Because of that thoroughness and the breadth of the investigation, I believe we now know all that we are able to know about what happened and how it happened,” said UNC-system President Tom Ross.::::::::Ready to embrace UNC’s past failures, Chancellor Carol Folt spoke candidly during a press conference Wednesday and braced herself for the questions that had been looming for four years.::::::::Wainstein’s report, which included interviews with Crowder and Nyang’oro who both had never participated in an investigation before, spelled out what had long been reported. Athletes were steered toward classes where they would have to do little work and would receive high marks.::::::::“It’s a case where you have bad actions of a few and the inactions of many,” Folt said. “You need processes that protect integrity.”::::::::For the first time, Chancellor Carol Folt acknowledged the department of athletics’ involvement in the scandal that led to the resignation of beloved former Chancellor Holden Thorp and, eventually, criminal indictments in 2013 by an Orange County grand jury.::::::::“Was this an academic or an athletic issue? Clearly it was an issue in both areas. It was a university issue,” Folt said. “They trusted us with their education, and they took these courses and they deserved so much better.”::::::::Administrators still stand by the fact that the origin of the problem lied in academic impropriety — not the Department of Athletics and the pressure to make sure student-athletes remain eligible.::::::::“From the beginning, I think the University has taken the position that these classes started in an academic department by a person employed in the academic side of the University — athletics took advantage of that,” Ross said.::::::::Wainstein revealed instances where former football academic counselor Cynthia Reynolds and former women’s basketball academic counselor Jan Boxill, as part of their roles in the Academic Support Program for Student-Athletes, would email Crowder requesting certain grades for student-athletes within her paper class so the player could be eligible.::::::::Boxill, who is the former chairwoman of the faculty and a renowned expert in sports ethics, was also found to have written parts of her athletes’ papers for these classes.::::::::Crowder, prompted by her own memories of struggling to excel in college, usually complied with Boxill’s requests for grade changes.::::::::Bubba Cunningham sat uncomfortably on stage during Wednesday’s press conference. The current director of athletics arrived at UNC in 2011 — the year Wainstein’s report said many of the improprieties were coming to an end.::::::::Would he comment on the timeline of the NCAA’s ongoing investigation and whether Wainstein’s revelations would impact that investigation?::::::::“Trying to speculate on the end would be inappropriate at this time,” Cunningham said. “I have no idea how long it will take.”::::::::In interviews with basketball coach Roy Williams, who brought UNC two national championships in 2005 and 2009, and basketball counselor Wayne Walden, Wainstein’s team found that Walden knew about the paper classes and that Crowder was grading the assignments, despite the fact that she had no training as a professor.::::::::Now Walden was Williams’ main guy. The two had come to UNC with now-retired director of basketball operations Joe Holladay from the University of Kansas in 2003. Walden promised Wainstein that Williams had no idea his players were enrolled in classes that never met and were being graded by staff members with no background in academia. During the press conference, Wainstein said “his gut” told him to trust Walden’s claims.::::::::Back to Cunningham for comment on whether Williams and other coaches implicated in the report would still have a job after Wednesday.::::::::“This report we received today doesn’t give me any evidence to do anything right now relative to additional punishment,” Cunningham said.::::::::What frustrated senior Taylor Webber-Fields most about the revelations this week was the bad reputation she believes will now hang over her degree. She plans to graduate with a degree in African, African American and Diaspora studies in the spring.::::::::“They’re saying that this is an overall investigation of the tendencies of the University, but it’s been solely focused on the African American and Diaspora studies department,” she said in the open meeting Folt held for the students and faculty to discuss the report.::::::::“There’s this general feeling of, ‘You’re getting a joke diploma,’ that it’s not important, that it’s not on the same level of academia as the rest of the school.”::::::::Folt said she would champion for Webber-Fields and her peers in African, African American and Diaspora studies once they graduate.::::::::“Folt’s response was satisfactory to me because it seemed like she would be an advocate for me or the school would be an advocate for me,” Webber-Fields said.::::::::Nine up in the air::::::::The University will take discplinary action — which could include termination — against at least nine employees, Folt said. The University had decided to terminate at least four people, she said.::::::::She refused to release the names of the faculty members being terminated.::::::::“We have pretty strict rules about privacy. We don’t give anybody’s name — ever — in the press so I’m not going to talk about them individually.”::::::::By the end of the day, it seemed everyone was ready to close this ugly chapter of UNC’s history.::::::::Lowry Caudill, chairman of the Board of Trustees, said Wednesday was painful, but worthwhile.::::::::“I love this place. You can sit through and listen to what has happened so we can learn and be a better organization moving forward.”	
http://www.independent.ie/world-news/africa/oscar-pistorius/oscars-story-was-not-the-whole-truth-steenkamps-30686485.html	Oscar's story 'was not the whole truth'	Irish Independent	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 23:26:10 -0700		oscar;'s story 'was;whole truth	The parents of Reeva Steenkamp have told how they do not believe Oscar Pistorius's account of the night he shot their daughter dead but accept the judge's decision to clear him of her murder. Share. Facebook · Twitter · Google · Email. Go To. Comments.	The parents of Reeva Steenkamp have told how they do not believe Oscar Pistorius's account of the night he shot their daughter dead but accept the judge's decision to clear him of her murder.::::::::June Steenkamp (67), said she believed that the phone messages her daughter sent to the athlete in which she was "scared" of him and how he "snapped" at her suggested her death was more than an accident and there was a "missing piece of the puzzle".::::::::"She described exactly how she felt and that he wasn't treating her properly, he was always irritable with her and snapped quickly, so that's why we feel that it is not actually what happened," she said.::::::::"There's more to the whole story than everybody knows, only Oscar knows."::::::::She was speaking after a judge handed down a five-year prison sentence to Pistorius for culpable homicide under a South African law that could see the athlete (27) serve just 10 months before being released on house arrest.::::::::Pistorius said he fired four shots through a locked lavatory door at the 29-year-old model thinking she was an intruder in his Pretoria home.::::::::The state sought a conviction of premeditated murder on the grounds that he shot her deliberately after a row, but the judge said prosecutors failed to provide sufficient evidence to back up the claim. The result and subsequent sentence have proved controversial and prompted some to suggest the athlete "got away with murder". There have been suggestions the state may now appeal.::::::::The Steenkamps said that while they believed the conviction should have been one of murder, they accepted the result and said any appeal, with further court time, would be hard to endure.::::::::"We have gone along with the judge and her decision. Only Oscar knows whether that sentence is acceptable to him, I've got my feelings to the whole thing but we do accept what the judge handed down," said Reeva's father Barry (69), who suffered a series of strokes after her death. "It's not really a light sentence because even if he's there for a short time he has to do another four years of community service and correctional supervision, so it's not really as short as we imagine," his wife added.::::::::Mrs Steenkamp said she wished Pistorius no ill in prison and had forgiven him for what he had done.::::::::"You can't carry that hatred or whatever a lot of people feel towards him, you have to forgive," she said. "Oscar has lost everything, we've lost our daughter and if there's more to this whole unfortunate saga, it's only Oscar Pistorius that knows, he will have to live with it for the rest of his life," Mr Steenkamp said.::::::::Yesterday a prison official who visited Pistorius said he was "coping". (© Daily Telegraph, London)	
http://www.tvweek.com/tvbizwire/2014/10/debate-rages-about-renee-zellwegers-new-look-did-happiness-do-it-should-we-care/	Debate Rages About Renee Zellweger’s New Look: Did Happiness Do It? Should We Care?	Television Week	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 22:48:16 -0700		rages;renee zellweger’s;happiness;care	Social media has been on overdrive this week after Academy Award-winning actress Renee Zellweger hit the red carpet at an event in Beverly Hills on Monday and revealed a new look. The big surprise is that her face didn't look like the Renee Zellweger that ...	Social media has been on overdrive this week after Academy Award-winning actress Renee Zellweger hit the red carpet at an event in Beverly Hills on Monday and revealed a new look.::::::::The big surprise is that her face didn’t look like the Renee Zellweger that most of us are used to seeing. Many speculated on social media that she had had some plastic surgery. In response, Zellweger, 45, told People magazine earlier today, Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014, in an exclusive, that she thought the discussion was “silly,” but she had decided to release a statement to People because “it seems the folks who come digging around for some nefarious truth which doesn’t exist won’t get off my porch until I answer the door.”::::::::A key portion of Zellweger’s statement says: “I’m glad folks think I look different! I’m living a different, happy, more fulfilling life, and I’m thrilled that perhaps it shows.”::::::::Her statement set off even more discussion.::::::::Writes CNN correspondent Kelly Wallace on CNN’s website, “I happen to agree with Renee Zellweger that all the chatter about her face is ‘silly.’::::::::“But I, and many other women I talked with via email Wednesday, would add some other choice words to the mix to describe the non-stop attention about her appearance following her first red carpet event in years: nasty, cruel, hurtful, invasive and sexist.::::::::“Why do we, the public, feel so free to pick apart the appearance of a woman who is aging in the public eye? What does this say about us and how we treat and value women?”::::::::Later in her piece Wallace writes, “I’ve written story after story about how we want to do everything we can to build up confidence in our girls and remove any notion that their worth is connected to their appearance. So, what kind of message does all this talk about Zellweger’s face and whether she did or did not use plastic surgery send to our daughters and our sons?”::::::::Ann Oldenburg, on the website of USA Today, talks about what she says is this “pop culture” debate about Zellweger and then poses the question: “So could happiness actually account for her new look?”::::::::She quotes people who support both sides of the issue. For example, she quotes a website that says, “With increasing blood flow to the skin, being in a happy relationship gives your skin cells nutrients and oxygen to make you look physically younger.”::::::::Oldenburg adds, “Katherine Woodward Thomas, author of ‘Calling in “The One” ‘ and founding faculty member of the Evolving Wisdom institute, which is devoted to inspiring and encouraging enlightenment, says yes. ‘Falling in love floods our bodies with hormones. Any of us who have really fallen in love know that people say, “You look great! What happened?” ‘ “::::::::Oldenburg also quotes plastic surgeons who think Zellweger has had some plastic surgery.::::::::Furthermore, the Oldenburg piece includes this: “[Kathie Lee Gifford, on Wednesday’s ‘Today’ show,] declaring Zellweger ‘beautiful,’ threw down the feminism card. ‘We all say we’re so for feminism, which is a woman’s choice to do what she wants with her own body. What about if she wants to go to spa? Or get her eyes done? I’m not saying she’s had any of these things done. But that’s her prerogative. Let her be! Don’t be so mean-spirited about these things.’ ”::::::::If you are interested in reading more about this debate we urge you to click on the links in this item, which will take you to the original articles.::::::::Renee Zellweger has a new look, as seen in this TV footage of her walking the red carpet at an event in Beverly Hills earlier this week	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-canada-attacks-shooting-idUSKCN0IB1PY20141023	Canada PM vows crackdown after capital shocked by fatal attacks	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 00:07:53 -0700		canada pm;vows crackdown;fatal attacks	OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper vowed to redouble the country's fight against "terrorist organizations" abroad after a reported convert to Islam rampaged through parliament, shocking the usually tranquil capital city. Shortly after a ...	1 of 27. Canada's Prime Minister Stephen Harper speaks during a nationally televised address on CBC in this still image taken from video in Ottawa, October 22, 2014.::::::::Shortly after a gunman shot dead a soldier at the National War Memorial in central Ottawa on Wednesday morning, a man armed with a shotgun burst into the Center Block of Parliament, pursued by police. He died after dozens of shots rang out a few yards away from where Harper was talking to his legislators.::::::::Ottawa police said it was too early to say whether one person was responsible for both attacks. The killing of the Canadian soldier was the second this week with a possible link to Islamist militants.::::::::Harper said it was too early to know whether the gunman had accomplices but insisted Canada would never be intimidated.::::::::"This will lead us to strengthen our resolve and redouble our efforts and those of our national security agencies to take all necessary steps to identify and counter threats," he said in a televised address to the nation late on Wednesday.::::::::A convert to Islam on Monday ran over two Canadian soldiers with his car, killing one, near Montreal.::::::::Both attacks took place after Canada announced this month it would send six jets to take part in air strikes against Islamic State fighters who have taken over parts of Iraq and Syria.::::::::Harper said Canada would now "redouble our efforts to work with our allies around the world and fight against the terrorist organizations who brutalize those in other countries with the hope of bringing their savagery to our shores".::::::::Defence Minister Rob Nicholson said Canada's deployment to Iraq would go on unimpeded.::::::::The two attacks in quick succession could push the Canadian government to pause and rethink before introducing a planned bill to change the Canadian Security Intelligence Service Act, said Wesley Wark, a professor at the University of Ottawa, who is an expert on national security and intelligence issues.::::::::The bill to boost the powers of Canada's main spy agency, CSIS, was slated to be introduced in parliament this week.::::::::"What the government is now confronting is a choice with going forward on whatever its original, probably small-scale changes might have been, or sitting back and thinking about whether there is something more that needs to be done," he said.::::::::Canadian police were investigating a man named Michael Zehaf-Bibeau as a suspect in Wednesday's attack, said a source familiar with the matter.::::::::Court documents show he previously faced a robbery charge in Vancouver and multiple drug-related charges in Montreal.::::::::U.S. officials said they had been advised the dead gunman in Wednesday's shootings was also a Canadian convert to Islam.::::::::Officials said Parliament would reopen at 10 a.m. (1400 GMT) on Thursday.::::::::Treasury Board Minister Tony Clement tweeted that he would convene a regularly scheduled meeting on Thursday and added "#terroristsbedamned".::::::::Clement and hundreds of legislators had spent about 10 hours locked up in the Parliament as police searched the building.::::::::Ottawa police warned the public to expect an increased presence by officers in coming days in the national capital.	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/mlb/2014/10/22/royals-giants-game-2-world-series-billy-butler/17754459/	Butler ignites Royals offense in Game 2	USA TODAY	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 23:29:40 -0700	Edt October;A M	butler;royals;game	KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Billy Butler doesn't know if he'll be back in Kansas City next year, let alone next week, but he did everything in his power Wednesday night to assure this Royals' team will never be forgotten. The Royals won their first World Series victory ...	KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Billy Butler doesn't know if he'll be back in Kansas City next year, let alone next week, but he did everything in his power Wednesday night to assure this Royals' team will never be forgotten.::::::::The Royals won their first World Series victory in nearly three decades, 7-2 in Game 2, over the San Francisco Giants, and letting everyone know they plan on sticking around awhile in this Series.::::::::The sellout crowd of 40,446 at Kauffman Stadium, standing throughout most of the game and screaming until their lungs burned, loved every minute of it.::::::::This is the Royals' team they fell in love with during the season.::::::::This is the team that captured their imagination, winning with speed, timely defense, and, oh yeah, that spectacular bullpen.::::::::And Butler reminded them of another icon in time, becoming the first Royals' player to provide the tying and go-ahead hit in the same postseason game since George Brett in the 1985 American League Championship Series against the Toronto Blue Jays.::::::::It was that kind of night for the big fella.::::::::It was also that kind of night for the Royals, who have tied the Series at 1-game apiece, sending it back to San Francisco for the next three games beginning Friday night at AT&T Park.::::::::"I felt definitely like it was a must-win for us,'' Butler said. "We showed them that we have fight in us.''::::::::Butler, who'll be a free agent if the Royals don't pick up his $12 million option, ignited the Royals' offense in the first inning with his run-scoring single off Jake Peavy. And he was the one who drove in the go-ahead run in the sixth inning with his single off Jean Machi on a 2-and-0 fastball.::::::::"Any time Billy gets up in those situations,'' Royals manager Ned Yost says, "I feel great. I feel like he's going to get the job done, and again, he did it. He came up big for us twice tonight.::::::::"I felt really strongly that whoever scored that third run was probably going to win the game.::::::::"That was a monster hit for us.''::::::::Butler must have felt that way, even taking a curtain call with his go-ahead single during the pitching change, with the crowd chanting his name, and his teammates prodding him.::::::::"They were egging me on,'' Butler says. "They told me to go out there and do it.::::::::"It was one of those things where your teammates tell you to do it, you're going to get out there. And the fans received me well.::::::::"We knew that with our bullpen coming in, and what type of bullpen we have, we know where our record is after that.''::::::::Butler was all over the place on this night, even playing peacemaker during Giants rookie pitcher Hunter Strickland's meltdown. No biggie, he says. Nothing like a benches-clearing incident, and a few hot tempers, to liven things up the World Series.::::::::The drama got started in the sixth inning, with the Giants emptying their bullpen with four relievers facing six batters. By the time the smoke cleared, the Royals blew the game open with five runs, including Omar Infante's first homer in 145 career postseason at-bats. It was the second-longest drought in major-league history.::::::::It also inflamed some old-fashioned hostilities, with Strickland screaming at Royals catcher Salvador Perez, who was waiting for Infante at the plate. Perez yelled right back at him.::::::::"After Omar hit the bomb, and I get close to home plate,'' Perez said, "he started to look at me. So I asked him like, 'Hey, why you look at me?'::::::::"He was telling me, 'Get out of here.' Whatever. You don't have to treat me like that.::::::::The benches emptied, and peace was restored, with Butler coming out onto the field to make sure there was no further commotion.::::::::"We don't want to fight on the field,'' Perez said. "I'm not that kind of person, that kind of player. I just like to play the game hard, enjoy the game, and trying to get a "W'' for my team.''::::::::Who knows what the repercussions will be, but it could be the last time we see Strickland in a key situation the rest of this Series. The kid has faced 23 batters this postseason, and five of them homered.::::::::He actually has given up more homers in this postseason than he did all year in the major leagues and minors.::::::::"I think it was just ffrustration on his part,'' Giants manager Bruce Bochy said. "I mean, it's intense out there. He's an intense kid, and it probably got away from him a little bit.::::::::"He's going to have to keep his poise. He shows his emotions, but it's an area he probably has to work on because you're going to give up a home run occasionally.::::::::"There are things we'll talk to him about.''::::::::No matter, the hot tempers weren't going to spoil the Royals' first World Series victory since 1985, and all of Butler's glory.::::::::Butler, who has been with the Royals' organization for 10 years, would love the chance to even bat again. He has been the DH the first two games, and with the series shifting to San Francisco, he may be sitting until Game 6 when a DH is employed again in Kansas City.::::::::If there is no Game 6, and this was his final game at Kauffman Stadium, Butler made sure it was memorable.::::::::"There's been a lot more tough times than there's been good,'' Butler said. "There were times when we're losing 90 games and it always feels like we're developing players. But you just continue to grind and do your job.::::::::"This is a great experience. To see us come and to see this process go from the beginning, to where we are now, it's incredible. …::::::::"Imagine being your first playoff berth and being in the World Series, and winning eight in a row to start the playoffs. It shows you what type of group we have in there, and what time of group the organization up top assembled.'::::::::"I don't think that has anything to do with the contract situation, but just being here and being able to experience it with these guys that I've played my whole career with, it's an incredible honor.''::::::::Butler made sure the experience will last even longer, and even if he's relegated only to being a pinch-hitter in the three games in San Francisco, he could be utilized in critical situations.::::::::"He is such a force in our lineup,'' Yost says, "and has been for years. He's a guy that is tremendously intelligent when it comes to hitting. He knows the opposing pitchers as well as anybody.''::::::::Certainly, the Royals proved they aren't going away either, showcasing their stellar bullpen for the Giants to witness for themselves.::::::::"This is a great club,'' Bochy said. "We know it's going to be a tough series. With their pitching, and our pitching, and the way both teams play, we were going to have a fight every game.''::::::::The Giants were able to drive rookie starter Yordano Ventura out of the game after just 5 1/3 innings_with Ventura recording only one swing-and-miss strike on the 63 fastballs he threw.::::::::Yet, once the Royals turned to their bullpen, the Giants were done, getting just one hit in the final 3 2/3 innings with six strikeouts.::::::::The Giants were threatening with runners on first and second with one out in the sixth when Royals manager Ned Yost turned to Kelvin Herrera. He got the Giant's attention in a hurry. His first pitch was clocked at 101 mph. He threw nine pitches. Eight were clocked at 100 or 101 mph.::::::::You guessed it, the Giants went down, with Brandon Belt flying out and Michael Morse's grounding out.::::::::It was the last time the Giants made any noise the rest of the night, with Wade Davis pitching the eighth inning and Greg Holland closing out the ninth.::::::::Herrera's shut-down outing also seemed to spark the Royals' offense. Peavy, pitching like this were 2007 again when he won the Cy Young award with the San Diego Padres, retired 10 consecutive batters.::::::::Certainly, he resembled the guy who went 6-4 with a 2.17 ERA in 12 starts for the Giants after being acquired at the trade deadline from the Boston Red Sox.::::::::Yet, the Royals finally got to Peavy in the sixth. Lorenzo Cain led off with a bloop single. Eric Hosmer drew a walk. It ended Peavy's night, and for the eighth consecutive postseason start, he failed to last through the sixth inning.::::::::The fireworks were just getting started.::::::::Butler drove in the go-ahead run off Machi for a 3-2 Royals' lead. After Javier Lopez retired Alex Gordon on a fly ball, Strickland came into the game to face Perez. He greeted him with a two-run double. Infante followed with a two-run homer.::::::::And the party was just starting, with Butler making sure the lights would stay on all night.::::::::"I think things will work out,'' Butler says of his contract. "I'm focused on the World Series at this time. This team is counting on me as well to do my job, and that's being in the middle of the lineup and being an impact bat.::::::::"Things like that will work out after the World Series.::::::::"This is all I've ever known.::::::::"I'm proud to be here, and I'm proud to be a Royal.::::::::"I always have been.''::::::::And, on a night like this, the feelings have never been stronger.	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-pakistan-killings-idUSKCN0IC0KE20141023	Eight Pakistani Shi'ites killed in sectarian attack	Reuters	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 23:53:05 -0700	Gul Yousafzai	pakistani shi'ites;sectarian attack	QUETTA Pakistan (Reuters) - Eight Shi'ite members of Pakistan's ethnic Hazara minority were killed and one wounded on Thursday, when gunmen opened fire on a bus in the volatile province of Baluchistan, police said. No one immediately claimed ...	No one immediately claimed responsibility. Lashkar-e-Jhangvi, a radical Sunni militant group, has carried out many gun and bomb attacks on Hazaras in the past.::::::::The men were returning from a vegetable market when gunmen intercepted the bus.::::::::"Two gunmen boarded the bus and shot the men," police officer Imran Qureshi told Reuters. All the victims were Shi'ite Hazaras, said Asad Raza, another senior police officer.::::::::Television broadcast images of the bus surrounded by security officials after the attack.::::::::Hundreds of Shi'ite Hazaras have been killed in bomb attacks and shootings in southwestern Baluchistan in the last few years.::::::::Lashkar-e-Jhangvi has virtually turned Quetta, where the Hazara community is concentrated, into a hunting ground for Shi'ites, with leaflets shoved under doorways warning they are infidels deserving to die.::::::::Given the history of attacks on Hazaras, police usually provide them with security when they go shopping in the main fruit and vegetable market in the city of Quetta.::::::::"This particular group of Hazaras had not informed us about their movement," senior police officer Aitzaz Goraya said in televised remarks.::::::::As many as 200,000 Hazaras have moved to other cities or abroad, Tahir Hussain Khan, an official of leading rights group the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan, told reporters this month.::::::::Shi'ite Muslims make up about a fifth of Pakistan's population of around 180 million. More than 800 Shi'ites have been killed in attacks in Pakistan since the beginning of 2012, according to Human Rights Watch.	
http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/If-no-checks-more-Ebola-cases-might-leave-Africa-5836727.php	If no checks, more Ebola cases might leave Africa	SFGate	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 00:13:51 -0700	Maria Cheng;Ap Medical Writer	ebola;africa	LONDON (AP) — A new study underscores the potential danger of airplane passengers infected with Ebola leaving West Africa: If there were no exit screening in place, researchers estimate that three people with the disease might fly out of the region each ...	LONDON (AP) — A new study underscores the potential danger of airplane passengers infected with Ebola leaving West Africa: If there were no exit screening in place, researchers estimate that three people with the disease might fly out of the region each month.::::::::The hardest-hit West African nations have been checking passengers since summer, but the new work is a reminder of how much easier it could be for the virus to travel outside the outbreak region if those measures weren't in place — and that screening can't catch every case.::::::::Since the Ebola outbreak was first identified in March, there have been only two known exported cases involving flights, one before and one after screening began in Liberia.::::::::A Liberian-American flew to Nigeria in July and sparked a small outbreak there, which has since been contained. The second man, Liberian Thomas Eric Duncan, passed a screening when he left for the U.S. last month; he didn't have a fever or symptoms until days after arriving in Dallas.::::::::For the study, researchers used international flight data and Ebola case tallies to calculate that — without screening — three infected people a month could fly out of the region. They noted that screening isn't foolproof: It can take up to three weeks for people exposed to Ebola to develop symptoms, so it is likely some cases will slip through.::::::::The out-of-control epidemic has killed an estimated 4,500 people.::::::::"As the outbreak grows, we will be seeing more international exportations of Ebola," said Dr. Kamran Kahn of St. Michael's Hospital in Toronto, the study's senior author.::::::::He added that disaster could strike if people with Ebola fly to less developed countries. "What might happen if cases were to wind up in a slum in Nairobi or Mumbai?"::::::::Kahn noted that there were few flights from the West Africa nations of Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia even before the outbreak. He and his colleagues calculated that countries most at risk of getting imported Ebola cases are the nearby Ghana and Senegal, followed by Britain and France.::::::::The U.S. was significantly further down the list, followed by India, Kenya and Germany. The study was published online Monday in the journal Lancet.::::::::"There are more and more cases of Ebola every week so the risk of exportation is also increasing every week," said Benjamin Cowling of the School of Public Health at the University of Hong Kong, who co-authored a commentary.::::::::"Maybe the one case exported to Texas was just bad luck. Or maybe there are more cases traveling as we speak," he said.::::::::U.S. health officials earlier this month said airport screening in West Africa had stopped 77 people from boarding planes, none with Ebola but some had malaria.::::::::Some American lawmakers have called for a ban on travelers from West Africa. At a European Union meeting on Monday, foreign ministers scrapped the idea of a ban, reasoning people from West Africa would simply go elsewhere en route to Europe. In the meantime, the U.S. and other countries are now checking travelers from West Africa.::::::::Health officials have repeatedly said the only way to stop exported cases is to stop the epidemic in West Africa.::::::::"As long as Ebola continues to spread in Africa, we can't make the risk zero here," said Dr. Tom Frieden, director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	
http://www.journalgazette.net/article/20141023/SPORTS03/310239982/1008/SPORTS	UNC report: Years of academic fraud	Fort Wayne Journal Gazette	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 00:05:57 -0700	Washington Post	unc;years;academic fraud	As a University of North Carolina “shadow curriculum” lasting almost 20 years neared its end in November 2009, two counselors who advise student-athletes on academics gave a presentation to the football coaching staff. In that presentation, detailed in a ...	As a University of North Carolina shadow curriculum lasting almost 20 years neared its end in November 2009, two counselors who advise student-athletes on academics gave a presentation to the football coaching staff.::::::::In that presentation, detailed in a report released Wednesday after an eight-month investigation led by attorney and former Department of Justice official Kenneth Wainstein, a slide appeared on a screen, indicating what might change because of the retirement in 2009 of a sole secretary in a sole department.::::::::That secretary, the slide indicated, had used her wide leeway in the African and Afro-American Studies Curriculum to forge a scheme for students in general – but for student-athletes in high percentages – that enabled the students to shore up grade-point averages and, in some cases, maintain athletic eligibility.::::::::The slide noted that counselors from the Academic Support Program for Student-Athletes had put athletes in classes that met degree requirements in which: they didn’t go to class; they didn’t take notes or have to stay awake; they didn’t have to meet with professors; they didn’t have to pay attention or necessarily engage with the material.::::::::In closing, the slide warned in capital letters that because of the secretary’s retirement, THESE NO LONGER EXIST, indicating that an effective mechanism for keeping players academically eligible would subside. The North Carolina head football coach at the time, Butch Davis, denied in Wainstein’s report that he could remember the slide.::::::::A new report, the third backed by the University of North Carolina since a cloud of possible academic fraud started forming in 2011, addresses a scandal during which Davis was fired in summer 2011, and former basketball star Rashad McCants told ESPN’s Outside The Lines about a trail of paper courses that had not educated him and alleged that head coach Roy Williams had offered to help him swap one course for another. North Carolina’s revered men’s basketball program won NCAA titles in 2005 (with McCants) and 2009.::::::::Wainstein’s report does not place heavy implication upon Williams and in fact paints Williams as concerned.::::::::As Wainstein’s report adds to a series of prior reports, including that of former North Carolina Gov. Jim Martin released two years ago, the slide presentation reveals the extent of the shadow program that grew across two decades under the umbrella of independent study and under two main administrators: AFAM Studies secretary Deborah Crowder and AFAM department head Julius Nyang’oro. Wainstein’s investigation became the first to include interviews with Crowder and Nyang’oro.::::::::Neither is quoted extensively in the report, but the report delves into their motives. Crowder’s compassion stemmed from her time as an undergraduate at North Carolina in the early 1970s, when she thought the university catered excessively to only the best and brightest, while Nyang’oro’s compassion kept in mind two former student-athletes from the early 1990s who had left the school because of academic ineligibility. One later became an inmate and the other a murder victim.::::::::Even as a non-faculty member, Crowder graded papers and graded them kindly, according to the report and others.::::::::That this would have gone so far that an administrator (and not a faculty member) would be assigning a grade, it was such a shock, Carol Folt, the university’s new chancellor, said in a conference call Wednesday, just before Wainstein’s findings were released.::::::::In 1999, when independent-study standards tightened on campus, the shadow program morphed to include classes designated as lectures but which never met. Those, in turn, included five bifurcated classes wherein some of the students attended lectures but others did not.::::::::The report states that between 1999 and 2011, 1,871 of 3,933 students (47.6 percent) who enrolled in these courses were student-athletes, with 1,189 (24.5 percent) of those from the football and men’s basketball programs.::::::::In football, for example, ASPSA associate director Cynthia Reynolds and her staff sent Crowder lists of players to be enrolled in paper classes’ each term, and in some cases apparently even indicated for Crowder the grade or grade range the player would need to earn in the class to maintain eligibility, the report stated.::::::::The report cites 188 different lecture classes and hundreds of independent studies and paper classes’  involving more than 3,100 students. It states that 47.4 percent of enrollments in lecture paper classes were student-athletes, who comprise about 4 percent of the student population.::::::::While the average grade in a paper class was a 3.62 compared with 3.28 in regular AFAM classes, those figures were further apart for student athletes: 3.55 and 2.84, according to the report.	
http://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/j-k-flood-hit-expect-genuine-relief-package-from-modi-traders-hope-for-tax-holiday/article1-1278337.aspx	J-K flood hit expect 'genuine' relief package from Modi, traders hope for tax holiday	Hindustan Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 00:07:50 -0700	Hindustan Times	j-k;relief package;modi;traders hope;tax holiday	There is an eerie calm on Srinagar's streets due to the shutdown calls by separatists, but many flood-affected areas are abuzz with people expressing what they expect from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the state. "Our house was completely ...	There is an eerie calm on Srinagar's streets due to the shutdown calls by separatists, but many flood-affected areas are abuzz with people expressing what they expect from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the state.::::::::"Our house was completely damaged in the floods. It has been more than 45 days we have not received any money to reconstruct our house. The state government categorically tells us that they are waiting for the Centre's funds," said Mushtaq Bukhari, a resident of Ikhrajpora.::::::::Bukhari expects the Prime Minister to announce a "genuine" relief package. "The package should commensurate our damages. The state government is offering me Rs. 75,000 for the loss of more than Rs. 45 lakh. How can I reconstruct my house?" asked Bukhari.::::::::Around 400 houses were damaged in Jawahar Nagar, Rajbagh and Gogjibah localities of this upmarket colony.::::::::"We welcome Modi's gesture. It will be a fruitful visit if he assess the situation post-floods and responds to it positively," said Muhammaf Yousuf, resident of flood-affected area of Wazirbagh.::::::::The Prime Minister is likely to face anxious and exhausted people at Shivpora area where the stink, poor roads and non-availability of electricity even 45 days after the floods have forced people to migrate to other locations.::::::::"Everyone has failed us. This government failed to rescue us. It has been more than a month but there is no relief from reconstruction and rehabilitation," said Basheer Ahmad, a resident of Shivpora.::::::::The PM is likely to drive around in flood-affected areas of uptown Srinagar later in the day.::::::::The valley's business community, which is staring at Rs. 33,000 crore losses, has asked the Prime Minister to declare income tax holiday for 10 years.::::::::"There should be immediate assessment of losses of all sectors by Global Facility for Disaster Reduction and Recovery, a world bank entity. We demand declaring of J-K as a free economic zone," said Mubeen Shah, a member of the State Economic Reconstruction Forum, a joint body of the trading community of Kashmir.::::::::He said the PM should include Srinagar as one of the smart cities being built in the country. The SERF claims there are more than Rs. one lakh crore loss to the valley due to floods.::::::::The state government has sought a relief package of Rs. 44,000 crore from the Centre. "We demand that the losses should be compensated through relief and banking sector so that Kashmir rises again," said Shah.	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-usa-prison-california-idUSKCN0IC0K620141023	California prisons to end racial lockdown policy	Reuters	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 23:51:41 -0700		california;racial lockdown policy	(Reuters) - The California prison system has agreed to settle a long-running civil rights lawsuit by ending race-based lockdowns of inmates, court records show. The 21-page stipulated settlement, which has not been filed in court but was published online by ...	The 21-page stipulated settlement, which has not been filed in court but was published online by the Los Angeles Times on Wednesday, provides for lockdowns in the prison system of the country's most populous state to now cover all inmates in a certain area or specific inmates deemed to pose a threat.::::::::For lockdowns exceeding 14 days, the settlement also requires wardens to make plans for inmates to participate in outdoor activities.::::::::"The prisons will still be able to maintain security, while prisoners will no longer be targeted for lengthy lockdowns just because of their race or ethnicity," said Rebekah Evenson, an attorney for the prisoners.::::::::California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation spokesman Jeffrey Callison said in an email the department was pleased with the settlement and it started making the policy changes in May. The department did not concede to any violation of federal law in the settlement.::::::::The case was filed in 2008 by High Desert State Prison inmate Robert Mitchell, who said it was the department's policy that "when there is an incident involving any race, all inmates of that race are locked up," court records show.::::::::Mitchell said the policy violated prisoners' constitutional rights, while prison system officials argued that it helped ensure safety after racially-fueled outbursts.::::::::The case was certified as a class action in July to cover the state's roughly 125,000 male inmates, court records show.::::::::The proposed settlement will be sent to the class and discussed at a fairness hearing, and will require final approval by a federal judge, according to the document.	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-mideast-crisis-syria-deaths-idUSKCN0IC0IG20141023?feedType%3DRSS%26feedName%3DworldNews	U.S.-led air strikes killed 553 fighters, 32 civilians in Syria: monitor	Reuters	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 23:36:44 -0700		u.s.-led;air strikes;syria	BEIRUT (Reuters) - Air strikes by U.S.-led forces have killed 553 people, including 32 civilians, during a month-long campaign in Syria against Islamic State militants, a Syrian monitoring group which tracks the violence said on Thursday. The Britain-based ...	Smoke and flames rise over Syrian town of Kobani after an airstrike, as seen from the Mursitpinar border crossing on the Turkish-Syrian border in the southeastern town of Suruc in Sanliurfa province, October 18, 2014.::::::::The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the vast majority of the deaths, 464, were militants from Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot which has grabbed large areas of Syria and neighboring Iraq.::::::::The attacks also killed 57 members of the al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front, the Observatory said. Six of the civilians were children and five were women, it added.::::::::The United States has been carrying out strikes in Iraq against Islamic State since July and in Syria since September with the help of Arab allies. Britain and France have also struck Islamic State targets in Iraq.::::::::Washington justified its action in Syria under Article 51 of the U.N. Charter, which covers an individual or collective right to self-defense against armed attack.::::::::U.S. Central Command spokesman Colonel Patrick Ryder said on Saturday that Washington took "reports of civilian casualties or damage to civilian facilities seriously and we have a process to investigate each allegation."::::::::Close to 200,000 people have been killed in Syria's three-year civil war, according to the United Nations.::::::::Coalition strikes have hit the Syrian provinces of Aleppo, Deir al-Zor, Idlib, Raqqa and al-Hassakah, the Observatory said.	
http://www.newsadvance.com/news/national/wire/man-apprehended-after-jumping-white-house-fence/article_a2902c76-6655-55e1-8385-0280db706d12.html	Man apprehended after jumping White House fence	Lynchburg News and Advance	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 00:59:41 -0700	Jacquelyn Martin	white house fence	Secret Service respond on the North Lawn of the White House after a man jumped the White House fence, Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014, in Washington. The Secret Service apprehended the man who jumped over the White House fence. This latest incident ...	That embarrassing Sept. 19 incident preceded the disclosure of other serious Secret Service breaches in security for President Barack Obama and ultimately led to Julia Pierson's resignation as director of the agency after 18 months on the job.::::::::Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said a man he identified as Dominic Adesanya of Bel Air, Maryland, climbed the north fence line at about 7:16 p.m. and was taken into custody immediately by uniformed agents and K-9 teams that constantly patrol the grounds.::::::::Obama was at the White House at the time of Wednesday's incident.::::::::Adesanya was unarmed when he was arrested, Leary said. Charges were pending.::::::::Two dogs were taken to a veterinarian for injuries sustained during the incident, Leary added.::::::::Video of the incident recorded by TV news cameras shows a man in white shorts on the lawn just inside the fence. The man lifts his shirt as if to show that he is unarmed, then is seen kicking and punching two Secret Service dogs that were released on him.::::::::Adesanya was taken to a local hospital, Leary said, without elaboration.::::::::After Pierson resigned, an agent who once led Obama's protective detail came out of retirement to lead the Secret Service until Obama names a new director, pending the completion of internal and independent reviews of agency practices.::::::::This week, a federal judge delayed the arraignment of Omar Gonzalez, the individual charged in September's fence-jumping incident, because of questions about his mental fitness to stand trial.::::::::Gonzalez has been indicted on several charges, including of carrying a knife into the White House and assaulting two Secret Service officers.::::::::The latest security breach occurred the same day that a gunman went on a rampage in the Canadian capital of Ottawa.	
http://www.stuff.co.nz/world/americas/62642733/mexican-mayor-accused-of-student-attack	Mexican mayor accused of student attack	Stuff.co.nz	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 22:16:58 -0700		mexican mayor;student attack	Students from Ayotzinapa Teacher Training College student hold back a military vehicle during a road block to demand the safe return of students who went missing on September 26, on the outskirts of Chilpancingo. Mexico has ordered the arrest of the ...	Mexico has ordered the arrest of the mayor of the city of Iguala, his wife and an aide, charging that they masterminded last month's attack that left six students dead and 43 missing.::::::::Mexican authorities have searched in vain for any trace of the college students who disappeared on September 26, in a case that's sparked national and international outrage, including mass demonstrations that saw the Iguala city hall torched on Wednesday.::::::::"Arrest warrants have been issued for Iguala mayor (Jose Luis Abarca)," as well as his wife and public safety chief, "as the individuals who likely organised the events that took place in Iguala", Attorney-General Jesus Murillo Karam told reporters.::::::::Abarca "gave police the order to confront" students, who were known for frequent protests, so that they would not derail a public event by his wife, the head of a local state children's protection charity.::::::::Authorities say corrupt officials and police worked hand-in-hand with the Guerreros Unidos drug cartel in the attack, which could prove to be one of the worst slaughters that Mexico has witnessed since the drug war intensified in 2006.::::::::The mayor's wife, Maria de los Angeles Pineda, is a sister of at least three known drug traffickers, and the couple has ties to Guerreros Unidos, authorities say.::::::::Searchers are still desperately combing the area for the missing students by land and air, almost a month later.::::::::Authorities say Iguala's police force shot at buses carrying the students and handed them over to officers in the neighbouring town of Cocula, who then delivered them to the Guerreros Unidos drug gang.::::::::On Wednesday, protesters in Iguala set fire to the city hall building in the latest display of rage over the unsolved disappearances.::::::::It was the second incident in which demonstrators set fire to local buildings in Iguala in as many days.::::::::On Tuesday, 500 teachers set fire to a political party office in the capital of Guerrero state, Chilpancingo.::::::::Authorities have found several mass graves in Iguala but say 28 sets of remains examined so far do not correspond to the students.::::::::This week, the government announced a $US110,000 ($NZ140,000) reward for information in the disappearance of the students.::::::::A total of 36 municipal officers in Iguala have been arrested in the case, along with 17 Guerreros Unidos members and their boss.	
http://www.philly.com/philly/news/nation_world/20141023_9_at_U__of_N_C__fired_or_disciplined_in_scandal.html	9 at U. of N.C. fired or disciplined in scandal	Philly.com	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 00:03:07 -0700	Aaron Beard;Emery P	u.;n.c.	CHAPEL HILL, N.C. - More than 3,100 students - nearly half of them athletes - enrolled in classes they didn't have to show up for and received artificially inflated grades in what an investigator called a "shadow curriculum" that lasted nearly two decades at the ...	CHAPEL HILL, N.C. - More than 3,100 students - nearly half of them athletes - enrolled in classes they didn't have to show up for and received artificially inflated grades in what an investigator called a "shadow curriculum" that lasted nearly two decades at the University of North Carolina. The report released Wednesday by former high-ranking U.S. Justice Department official Kenneth Wainstein found more far-reaching academic fraud than previous investigations by the school and the NCAA. Many at the university hoped Wainstein's investigation would bring some closure to the long-running scandal, which is rooted in an NCAA investigation focused on improper benefits within the football program in 2010. Instead, findings of a systemic problem in the former African and Afro-American Studies department could lead to NCAA sanctions. At least nine university employees were fired or have had disciplinary procedures started against them in light of the report, chancellor Carol Folt said. She wouldn't identify them. "I think it's very clear that this is an academic, an athletic and a university problem," Folt said.::::::::The report outlined courses in the former African and Afro-American Studies department that required only a research paper that was often scanned quickly and given an A or B regardless of the quality of work.::::::::The NCAA hit the football program in 2012 with scholarship reductions and a postseason ban, though the academic violations focused mainly on a tutor providing improper help to players on papers. The NCAA said it reopened its investigation in June because new information was available.::::::::Wainstein's staff has briefed NCAA investigators at least three times, and plans another meeting on the final report.::::::::The report outlined how the fraud ran unchecked for so long, as well as how faculty and administration officials missed or looked past red flags, such as unusually high numbers of independent study course enrollments.::::::::It said athletics staffers steered athletes to classes that also became popular with fraternities and other everyday students looking for an easy grade.::::::::"By the mid-2000s, these classes had become a primary - if not the primary - way that struggling athletes kept themselves from having eligibility problems," the report said.	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/bbo-giants-royals-writethru-idUSMTZEAANVP3UHL20141023	Royals ride five-run inning to Game 2 rout	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 00:34:50 -0700		royals;five-run inning;game	Royals ride five-run inning to Game 2 rout. KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Thanks to one big rally, the World Series is now a best-of-five. Salvador Perez hit a two-run double and Omar Infante belted a two-run homer in a five-run sixth inning, and the Kansas City Royals ...	KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Thanks to one big rally, the World Series is now a best-of-five.::::::::Salvador Perez hit a two-run double and Omar Infante belted a two-run homer in a five-run sixth inning, and the Kansas City Royals defeated the San Francisco Giants 7-2 Wednesday night to even the World Series at one game apiece.::::::::It was almost a must-win game for the Royals, who lost the opener 7-1 while mustering only four hits. They could ill afford to go to San Francisco for the next three games down 0-2 after hosting the opening two games at Kauffman Stadium.::::::::"It's a huge win for us to give us that fresh start ... in San Francisco," Royals first baseman Eric Hosmer said. "It's a new series. We play good on the road as a team."::::::::Kansas City center fielder Lorenzo Cain added, "We definitely felt like we needed to leave here 1-1. We found a way to get it done. We needed this win. We always talk about a happy flight when we travel. It's definitely going to be a happy flight tonight."::::::::The trek will seem long for the Giants and manager Bruce Bochy, who used five pitchers in the sixth inning as his bullpen imploded.::::::::San Francisco starter Jake Peavy, who retired 10 consecutive batters entering the sixth, was pulled after Cain singled and Hosmer walked to start the inning with the score 2-2.::::::::With designated hitter Billy Butler, 15-for-35 career off Peavy including a RBI single in the first, coming to the plate, Bochy summoned right-hander Jean Machi. Butler laced a single to left-center, scoring Cain to put the Royals on top.::::::::"That was a monster hit for us," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "I felt really strongly that whoever scored that third run was going to win the game."::::::::After left-hander Javier Lopez retired left fielder Alex Gordon, right-hander Hunter Strickland was called on to face Perez, and the Kansas City catcher ripped a two-run double. Next, Infante blasted a 1-0 pitch over the Royals' left field bullpen fence, the second baseman's first postseason home run in 145 at-bats.::::::::Strickland and Perez had words around the plate, but Infante quickly got Perez headed to the dugout and the umpires stepped in as the dugouts briefly cleared.::::::::"After I hit the double, he started looking at me, so I asked him like, 'Hey, why you look at me?'" Perez said. "So he was telling me, 'Get out of here, whatever.' So I don't know. (I said), 'You don't have to treat me like that. Look at Omar. Omar hit a bomb. I didn't hit a bomb. I hit a double.'::::::::"I don't know what happened with that guy. But the last thing, we don't want to fight on the field. I'm not that kind of person."::::::::Strickland allowed two inherited runners to score and two of his own in six pitches without retiring a batter.::::::::"My emotions got the best of me," Strickland said. "It was just miscommunication between the two of us. I was more frustrated with myself. There are no hard feelings with anybody."::::::::Giants left-hander Jeremy Affeldt recorded the last two outs of the inning.::::::::"We feel good coming out of here 1-1," Affeldt said. "We knew this was going to be a tough series. I don't think I would have predicted the scores, but we knew it was going to be a dogfight, so we were prepared. We could have lost 3-2 tonight and been in the same situation."::::::::Right-hander Yordano Ventura, who became the first Kansas City rookie to start a World Series game at any position, left after 5 1/3 innings and 87 pitches. He permitted two runs on eight hits with two strikeouts and no walks. Ventura was pitching the first time since Oct. 11, when he left Game 2 of the American League Championship Series after 5 2/3 innings due to shoulder tightness.::::::::Manager Ned Yost went to his bullpen, bringing in right-hander Kelvin Herrera after catcher Buster Posey and right fielder Hunter Pence singled in the sixth. Herrera's first three pitches hit 100-101 mph on the radar gun. Herrera retired first baseman Brandon Belt on a fly to left and designated hitter Michael Morse on a grounder to keep the score tied at 2.::::::::"I think I was hitting the spots good with that velocity today," Herrera said.::::::::Herrera, who picked up the victory, went 1 2/3 hitless innings, striking out one and walking two.::::::::Peavy, who was charged with four runs on six hits in five-plus innings, took the loss. He walked two and struck out one.::::::::"Going into the sixth, it was a 2-2 game," Peavy said. "Unfortunately, they got us in a jam there.::::::::"It's disappointing anytime you lose. There's nothing to hang our heads about. We had an inning that got away from us and we lost a ballgame. We're going home, in front of our home crowd."::::::::Royals right-handers Wade Davis and Greg Holland combined to strike out five in the final two innings, sending the teams to San Francisco with the series even.::::::::Game 3, 4 and 5 will be played in San Francisco on Friday, Saturday and Sunday, respectively.::::::::Giants right-hander Tim Lincecum, who had not pitched in 23 days, retired the first five batters he faced, but he motioned the trainer out after bouncing a pitch to Perez in the eighth. After a brief conversation, Lincecum was led off the field and replaced by Santiago Casilla.::::::::"His lower back tightened up pretty good on him," Bochy said. "We think he'll be fine."::::::::Leading off the game, San Francisco center fielder Gregor Blanco turned on a 98 mph, full-count Ventura fastball and deposited it in the Giants' right field bullpen. Blanco became the 17th player to lead off a World Series game with a home run. The previous was two were Boston Red Sox: second baseman Dustin Pedroia in 2007 and outfielder Johnny Damon in 2004.::::::::The Royals tied it in the bottom of the inning when Butler's two-out single scored Cain. Butler's hit snapped Kansas City's 0-for-17 streak with runners in scoring position.::::::::The Royals forged ahead in the second when shortstop Alcides Escobar's two-out double down the right field line scored Infante, who drilled a one-hop double to the left field line.::::::::Third baseman Pablo Sandoval and Belt doubled in the Giants' fourth to tie the score.::::::::NOTES: Before the game, Royals RHP Greg Holland was honored with the Mariano Rivera Award for the best relief pitcher in the AL and Braves RHP Craig Kimbrel was given the Trevor Hoffman Award for best relief pitcher in the NL. Holland saved 46 games during the regular season. ... During the Giants' seven-game World Series winning streak through Game 1, the pitching staff posted a 1.13 ERA, allowing eight earned runs in 64 innings. ... Two veteran right-handers, Jeremy Guthrie of the Royals and Tim Hudson of the Giants, are the pitching probables for Game 3 on Friday in San Francisco. LHP Jason Vargas will start Saturday for the Royals, while the Giants will counter with RHP Ryan Vogelsong. The Giants went 30-30 against left-handed starters during the season and 58-44 against right-handers. ... Royals Hall of Famer George Brett threw out the ceremonial first pitch. Phillip Phillips, a platinum recording artist, performed the national anthem.	
http://www.theperspective.org/2014/1023201401.php	How Did Ebola Get to West Africa?	Perspective (press release)	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 23:49:51 -0700		ebola;africa	A mild “EBOLA OUTBREAK “occurred in Reston Virginia, November 1989 at a monkey facility, Primate quarantine Unit. The Filipino monkeys came down with Ebola which the military named Ebola _Reston15, 28, 29. While the cleanout of the facility was in ...	A mild “EBOLA OUTBREAK “occurred in Reston Virginia, November 1989 at a monkey facility, Primate quarantine Unit.  The Filipino monkeys came down with Ebola which the military named Ebola _Reston15, 28,  29. While the cleanout of the facility was in progress, two of four individuals caring for the monkeys got sick. One of the sick individuals had cardiac conditions and “the other had high fever and Nausea.” Did the two individuals have EBOLA?  Were the monkeys infected with Ebola while in the Philippines or was something done in lab in Reston that caused them to develop the disease?:::::::: :::::::: All documentations on Ebola point to Central African Republic, which has a common border with Zaire as the origin of EBOLA.  According to a document on the web, a rural village school principal in northern Zaire displayed symptoms of the disease upon returning from a visit near the Central African Republic border with Zaire on August 26, 1976. Since then, most outbreaks of the disease have been confined to that region of sub-Saharan Africa.::::::::So how did the disease suddenly appear in West Africa? Here are some of explanations: (a) consumption of bush meat and bats by locals, (b) infected bats flew to West Africa from central Africa, and (c) a research gone awry. (a) West Africans normally overcook their meat for consumption with respect to chefs in western countries. These people have been eating bush meat and smoked bats for hundreds of years and have never developed the disease according to my knowledge.  On October 18, 2014 a British Broadcasting Corporation’s (BBC) reporter asked an expert why is it that people currently eating bats in Ghana are not being stricken with EBOLA.(b)  As for Ebola infected  bats flying from Central African Republic to West Africa, it borders on the comical.  Consider the distances from central Africa to :(1) Guinea (2) ,Sierra Leone ,and (3) Liberia. The distance from Central African Republic to:  (1) Guinea is   miles 2100    (2) Sierra Leone is 2200   miles and (3) Liberia is   miles 2000.  If the bats actually flew these distances, for some mysterious reasons they not did directly cause outbreak in Cameron, Nigeria, Togo, Ghana and the Ivory Coast.:::::::: :::::::: Finally the explanation of Ebola outbreak in West Africa been linked to research gone awry has generated  a lot of conversations on the world wide web but not in the main stream press, be it electronic(CBS News, NBC News, ABC News , Fox News  or CNN) or print ( New York  Times, Washington Post or the Wall Street Journal).    However on the World Wide Web, Robert Wenzel of EconomicPolicyJournal.com, writes to say that “Before ItIs News” website claims that the Kenema Government Hospital in Sierra Leone has a U.S. biosecurity level 2 weapon research lab in house. He also claims that according to Global BioDefense (GBD), the U.S Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases (USAMRIID) has been operating in the area since 2006.  So is the Ebola outbreak in West Africa the result of (a) consumption of bush meat and smoked bats (b) Bat migration or (c) BioDefense weapon research gone awry? Well mainstream press, you have the resources to investigate.:::::::: :::::::: Note that from 2009 to 2010, H1N1 flu killed 12,469 Americans and no travel ban was imposed. Also there was no “SARS passenger screening at U.S. airports when other countries were doing it.”:::::::: :::::::: By: G. Konah Ballah, Cranston, Rhode Island	
http://www.aceshowbiz.com/news/view/00076325.html	Billy Bob Thornton Talks About Bloody Past With Angelina Jolie	AceShowbiz	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 21:49:51 -0700		billy bob thornton talks;bloody past;angelina jolie	The 59-year-old actor explained the reason Angelina wanted to wear a vial of his blood around her neck when they were married in the early 2000s. Tweet. Billy Bob Thornton Talks About Bloody Past With Angelina Jolie: 'It Was a Crazy. See larger image.	The 59-year-old actor explained the reason Angelina wanted to wear a vial of his blood around her neck when they were married in the early 2000s.::::::::Billy Bob Thornton talked about his past with his ex-wife Angelina Jolie in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter. Asked about "vials of blood" which he and Angelina became infamous for in the early 2000s, Billy replied, "I mean it was a crazy time. I've never been fond of it." :::::::::::::::: He explained, "[A] vial of blood is very simple. Angie came home one day with a kit she bought. You know those lockets you buy that are clear and you put a picture of your grannie in it or something like that and wear it around your neck? That's what it was. She bought two of those. We were apart a lot because she's off making 'Tomb Raider' and I'm making 'Monster's Ball'. We were on opposite ends, we see each other for two weeks and whatever." :::::::::::::::: "She thought it would be interesting and romantic if we took a little razorblade and sliced our fingers, smeared a little blood on these lockets and you wear it around your neck just like you wear your son or daughter's baby hair in one. Same thing. From that we were wearing quart jars of blood around our necks," the "Fargo" star joked, "And we were vampires and we lived in a dungeon." :::::::::::::::: While rumors said there was a dungeon in his house, Billy insisted, "We did not have a dungeon." He then explained about the dungeon, "I mean, it had some basis in fact. We had a basement which I had a recording studio in. So when I tell a journalist I stay down in the dungeon all the time, you know, recording music, they don't hear 'recording music,' they hear 'dungeon.' You know, because it makes a better story." :::::::::::::::: During the interview, Billy also opened up about his abusive childhood. Talking about recent issues about NFL star Adrian Peterson and his alleged child abuse case, Billy admitted he received daily beatings from his father. :::::::::::::::: He shared, "There's a thing in the news right now about an NFL player who took a switch to his kid and there's a lot of trouble over that right now, and it's so bizarre, you know, watching that. I mean I can't imagine laying a finger on my kids. I go the other way, probably because my father was so abusive." :::::::::::::::: "But in terms of the switching, I mean I got it daily," he continued, "And that's something you guys, there are a few things that I grew up with that you guys will never have to go through and maybe you have gone through it, I don't know, but one of them is not only did you get beat up at home if you had a dad like mine, and that was standard issue. This wasn't like my dad in particular was an a**, I mean this was like everybody's dad." :::::::::::::::: Billy added, "If you were over at somebody else's house and you did something wrong their dad may beat your a**. I mean it was crazy. And at school we got whipped at school. I always got whipped at school because they gave you a choice, you could get 10 licks with whatever implement that teacher preferred or you could be suspended for three days. I would always pick the licking because if I got suspended what I would get form my dad was so much worse than what they gave you at school."	
http://news.iafrica.com/worldnews/967259.html	iafrica.com Blackwater guards guilty of massacre	iAfrica.com	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 23:03:50 -0700		blackwater	Four former Blackwater security guards were found guilty on Wednesday for their roles in a notorious 2007 mass shooting in Baghdad that left at least 14 civilians dead and deepened resentment of America's involvement in Iraq. The four ex-employees of the ...	Four former Blackwater security guards were found guilty on Wednesday for their roles in a notorious 2007 mass shooting in Baghdad that left at least 14 civilians dead and deepened resentment of America's involvement in Iraq.::::::::The four ex-employees of the US private security firm were convicted on an array of charges ranging from first degree murder to voluntary manslaughter.::::::::Their convictions followed a two-month trial that heard how they opened fire with sniper rifles, machine guns and grenade launchers in Baghdad's bustling Nisour Square as they escorted a diplomatic convoy.::::::::The federal court jury in Washington found Nicholas Slatten guilty of first-degree murder. Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard were found guilty of voluntary manslaughter. A mistrial was declared in relation to certain counts against Heard.::::::::"This verdict is a resounding affirmation of the commitment of the American people to the rule of law, even in times of war," US Attorney Ronald Machen said in a statement.::::::::"Seven years ago, these Blackwater contractors unleashed powerful sniper fire, machine guns, and grenade launchers on innocent men, women, and children," he said.::::::::"Today they were held accountable for that outrageous attack and its devastating consequences for so many Iraqi families," Machen added.::::::::"I pray that this verdict will bring some sense of comfort to the survivors of that massacre."::::::::The four men were ordered detained in custody ahead of their sentencing, which is yet to be fixed. Lawyers said they would appeal.::::::::"The verdict is wrong, incomprehensible, we're devastated but we're gonna fight every step of the way, we still think we're gonna win, we're gonna appeal," David Schertler, defence attorney for Dustin Heard, said.::::::::Slatten (32) faces a possible life sentence for his first degree murder conviction.::::::::Before the killings, Slatten allegedly told acquaintances he wanted to "kill as many Iraqis as he could as 'payback for 9/11,'" according to court documents.::::::::Slatten's three co-accused face a minimum of 15 years behind bars for each killing.::::::::Slough (35) was convicted of 13 counts of voluntary manslaughter and 17 charges of attempted murder. Liberty (32) was found guilty of eight charges of voluntary manslaughter and 12 attempted murders. Heard (33) was convicted of six voluntary manslaughter charges and 11 attempted murders.::::::::Iraqi officials say 17 civilians were killed in the shooting. A toll compiled by American investigators recorded 14 deaths. A further 18 Iraqis were injured.::::::::The killings on September 16, 2007 exacerbated Iraqi resentment toward Americans in the country, and was seen by critics as an example of the impunity enjoyed by private security firms on the US payroll in Iraq.::::::::"People who could laugh, who could love, were turned into bloodied, bullet-riddled corpses, people who were not legitimate targets... who were no real threat to them," federal prosecutor Anthony Asuncion said during the trial.::::::::Blackwater, whose license to work in Iraq was revoked by Baghdad, was renamed Xe Services in 2009 and then Academi in 2011.::::::::Upon President Barack Obama's arrival in office in 2009, the State Department cancelled its contract with the firm.::::::::The trial came after years of legal twists and turns in US courts.::::::::In 2009, a US judge dismissed charges against five former Blackwater employees because certain statements they made immediately after the event could not be used against them.::::::::Two years later, an appeals court reinstated the indictments against four defendants, opening the way for the trial in Washington.::::::::A judge dismissed the case against Slatten in April because of a technicality. Federal prosecutors then re-filed the first-degree murder charge against him several weeks later.	
http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/oct/23/google-inbox-app-gmail-email	Google launches Inbox app in latest attempt to solve email headaches	The Guardian	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 00:50:58 -0700	Stuart Dredge	google;inbox;email headaches	Google has joined the ranks of companies trying to tackle the problem of email overload, but its new Inbox mobile app will sit alongside its Gmail service rather than replace it. Unveiled this week, Inbox is an app for Android and for iPhone, with an invite-only ...	Google has joined the ranks of companies trying to tackle the problem of email overload, but its new Inbox mobile app will sit alongside its Gmail service rather than replace it.::::::::Unveiled this week, Inbox is an app for Android and for iPhone, with an invite-only launch that mirrors the debut of Gmail in 2004.::::::::Its features include the ability to organise similar emails in “bundles”, from bank statements and online shopping purchases to travel reservations, to reduce inbox clutter.::::::::The app will also show “highlights” of key information from individual messages, including live flight times and thumbnails of photo attachments. Inbox can also “snooze” away emails until a later point – a feature pioneered by another email app, Mailbox.::::::::“Years in the making, Inbox is by the same people who brought you Gmail, but it’s not Gmail: it’s a completely different type of inbox, designed to focus on what really matters,” wrote Sundar Pichai, Google’s senior vice president of Android, Chrome and apps, in a blog post.::::::::“For many of us, dealing with email has become a daily chore that distracts from what we really need to do – rather than helping us get those things done.”::::::::He added that Inbox is purposefully different from Gmail, which has its own mobile app that recently passed 1bn installs on Android alone. “Gmail’s still there for you, but Inbox is something new. It’s a better way to get back to what matters, and we can’t wait to share it with you.”::::::::That’s not strictly accurate: Google is making people wait to have Inbox shared with them: the first invitations have been sent out already, with Pichai promising that early adopters will be able to invite their friends.::::::::Mailbox is the obvious competitor to Inbox. That app launched in February 2013 and was bought the next month by Dropbox for a rumoured $100m. Other apps trying to de-clutter inboxes include Boxer, Gusto, Acompli and Evomail.::::::::• Email overload? 19 tips for taking control of your inbox::::::::• Mailbox talks Dropbox, Gmail and a ‘smarter’ future for email	
http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/10/22/canada-attacks-shooting-security-idINKCN0IB2PP20141022	Lax security in focus after attack at Canada's parliament	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 01:28:48 -0700	Randall Palmer;Andrea Hopkins	lax;canada;'s parliament	OTTAWA/TORONTO (Reuters) - Security in Canada's capital came under criticism on Wednesday after a gunman was able to run through the unlocked front door of the main parliament building and get close to Prime Minister Stephen Harper before being ...	The gunman had first shot and killed a soldier at the nearby National War Memorial in central Ottawa before running into the parliament building, according to media reports. Canadian police have not confirmed that the gunman who shot the soldier was the same one killed in parliament by security forces.::::::::Parliament Hill "is an icon of the government, and it would be expected to be one of the hardest of hard targets in this nation. It is therefore of abiding concern that this could have transpired," said David Harris, a security consultant at Insignis Strategic Research and a former contractor for the Canadian Security Intelligence Service, Canada's spy agency.::::::::"There appears to be little in one's way to make the initial entry into Canada's parliament."::::::::The shooting came just two days after an Islamic convert ran down two Canadian soldiers with his car, killing one, before being shot and killed by police. That incident took place near Montreal.::::::::While many countries have beefed up security following the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks and rising geopolitical tensions around the world, security at most official buildings in Canada is light. The sprawling Parliament Hill complex in Ottawa has remained relatively open and accessible to the public.::::::::To enter its main building, the Centre Block, which houses the House of Commons, Senate and the prime minister's office, a visitor need only open the glass-and-metal front door. Inside, there are security guards but no gate or barrier preventing entry to the ornate marble hallways.::::::::Parliamentary staff or visitors with credentials, such as journalists, can proceed past the guards without further checks.::::::::Other visitors are sent back outside to enter at another nearby door, where they must pass through metal detectors and are restricted to designated areas. Children routinely visit parliament with school groups or their families.::::::::Lawmakers typically enter through another set of doors close to the House of Commons, where guards use mostly facial recognition and allow automatic passage.::::::::"The shooting in Ottawa undoubtedly will result in a tipping of the balance in favor of tighter security measures and less access," said Paul Pillar, a former senior CIA analyst and now a professor in security studies at Georgetown University in Washington.::::::::"Although we do not yet know the motive of the gunman, the incident is a reminder of the vulnerability of U.S. allies to attacks that can be motivated by many different causes and grievances, including the participation of the ally in the use of armed force overseas," he said.::::::::Canada has sent six fighter jets to take part in the campaign against Islamic State militants in Iraq.::::::::Mass shootings are relatively rare in Canada, which has stricter gun laws than the United States.::::::::The main lawn in front of parliament is used for political demonstrations, and driveways that weave around the buildings are largely clear to allow the passage of parliamentary buses that ferry lawmakers and staff from building to building. Federal police regularly patrol the area.::::::::Though the roads are closed to public vehicles, there are only limited physical barriers to prevent a determined assailant from driving up to the doors of parliament.::::::::A 2012 report from Canada's Auditor General pointed to flaws in security in the parliamentary zone, which is shared by four different security forces: the Ottawa city police, the federal Royal Canadian Mounted Police, and security services for the Senate and House of Commons.::::::::Not all of the problems identified in the 2012 report have yet been addressed.::::::::House of Commons guards carry firearms. Senate guards started to carry guns only recently.::::::::While building security is now being scrutinized in the wake of the shootings, experts said good intelligence is likely more effective in preventing such incidents.::::::::"Rather than trying to harden the target with taller walls and deeper moats, (the answer will be) relying on security and criminal intelligence to unveil and foil these types of plots," said Christian Leuprecht, a security expert at the Royal Military College of Canada and Queen's University, in Kingston, Ontario.::::::::"If you harden one target, they'll pick a softer target. If you make it harder to attack parliament, they may go after the supreme court. Simply thinking about it as a physical security problem misses the bigger problem of how we provide effective security," he added.::::::::Canada said on Tuesday it had raised its terrorism threat level to medium from low because of a rise in "general chatter" from radical groups such as Islamic State and al Qaeda. That was a day after the hit-and-run attack on the soldiers near Montreal.::::::::A government official said the threat level meant Canadian intelligence services had "indicated an individual or group within Canada or abroad has the intent and capability to commit an act of terrorism".::::::::The Canadian government was also already preparing to boost the powers of its spy agency, the Canadian Security Intelligence Service. Public Safety Minister Stephen Blaney said last Thursday the new legislation would let the agency track and investigate potential terrorists when they travel abroad and ultimately prosecute them.::::::::At the time of Tuesday's shooting, the governing Conservative party and the opposition New Democrats were holding their weekly caucus meeting in the Centre Block. After hearing gunshots, both groups piled chairs against the door to prevent anyone from entering.	
http://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/article3317244.html	Airstrikes target oil filed in eastern Syria	MiamiHerald.com	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 01:19:53 -0700	The Associated Press	airstrikes;target oil;syria	Activists say the U.S.-led coalition has launched airstrikes on an oil field in Syria's eastern province of Deir el-Zour that borders Iraq. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the coalition launched four airstrikes on oil wells in the Jafra field ...	Activists say the U.S.-led coalition has launched airstrikes on an oil field in Syria's eastern province of Deir el-Zour that borders Iraq.::::::::The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the coalition launched four airstrikes on oil wells in the Jafra field late Wednesday.::::::::The Local Coordination Committees, an activist group, also reported the airstrikes on Thursday.::::::::The U.S.-led coalition has aggressively targeted IS-held oil facilities in Syria, which provide a key source of income for the militants. But such strikes also endanger civilians, which could undermine long-term efforts to destroy the militant group.::::::::The Observatory, which relies on a network of activists around the country, said that since the airstrikes on Syria began a month ago, 553 people have been killed including 32 civilians. The rest were mostly jihadis.	
http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/another-man-jumps-white-house-fence-is-apprehended-on-lawn-by-k-9-squad/2014/10/22/20d4ddf2-5a4a-11e4-bd61-346aee66ba29_story.html	Another man jumps White House fence, is apprehended on lawn by K-9 squad	Washington Post	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 01:38:59 -0700		man jumps;white house fence;k-9	A man jumped the White House fence Wednesday night and was taken into custody after being bitten by a guard dog, officials said, just weeks after another fence jumper made it deep into the executive mansion amid a series of security failures.	A group of Secret Service officers gathers on the North Lawn as a member of the Secret Service Counter Assault team surveys from the roof Wednesday evening after a man jumped the White House fence. (Jacquelyn Martin/AP)::::::::A man jumped the White House fence Wednesday night and was taken into custody after being bitten by a guard dog, officials said, just weeks after another fence jumper made it deep into the executive mansion amid a series of security failures.::::::::Secret Service agents and K-9 units quickly apprehended the latest fence jumper, who authorities identified as Dominic Adesanya, 23, of Bel Air, Md. He was taken to a hospital with injuries from a dog bite, and charges against him were pending, authorities said.::::::::Although details remained sketchy, two of the Secret Service dogs were taken to a veterinarian for injuries suffered during the incident. A video circulating online appeared to show the intruder kicking and punching a dog. A law enforcement source, citing an initial police report, said authorities are preparing charges of assaulting a police officer in the attack on the dog, whose name is Hurricane.::::::::Despite its quick ending, the struggle close to the executive mansion prompted a burst of activity from security personnel. Authorities shut down Lafayette Square, moving dozens of tourists to H Street NW, and the White House remained under lockdown for more than 90 minutes afterward. President Obama was in the building, but his precise whereabouts — and those of his family — were unclear.::::::::The incident was the latest in a string of security issues at the White House that have unsettled administration officials and led to the resignation of Secret Service Director Julia Pierson. On Sept. 19, a man scaled the fence and ran far into the executive mansion through an unlocked front door. Omar J. Gonzalez, 42, a U.S. Army veteran who has said he suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder, has pleaded not guilty to charges against him.::::::::On Tuesday, a federal judge delayed Gonzalez’s arraignment and ordered that he undergo a mental-health evaluation within 30 days.::::::::The firestorm of criticism from that incident led to revelations about other recent Secret Service failures. Pierson resigned after being excoriated by House lawmakers, and investigations of the Sept. 19 incident are ongoing.::::::::In Wednesday’s incident, a man climbed the White House’s north fence about 7:15 p.m. and was immediately taken into custody on the north lawn by Secret Service Uniformed Division K-9 teams and Uniformed Division Officers, said Secret Service spokesman Edwin Donovan. The man was unarmed, and no shots were fired, Donovan said.::::::::Donovan said he was unaware of any changes in the security posture around the White House on Wednesday night. It was unclear what changes in security have been made since the earlier fence-jumping.::::::::Little could be learned about Adesanya late Wednesday. He attended Stevenson University in Maryland in the past two years, concentrating on business administration and running track, according to his LinkedIn profile and other online records.::::::::Family members could not be reached for comment Wednesday night, but Adesanya’s father told Christian Schaffer of WMAR (Channel 2) in Baltimore that his son had wanted to talk to Obama about “his feelings that everyone was out to get him,’’ the reporter tweeted. The father, who was not identified in the tweet, said his son has been having psychological problems for more than a year and has been arrested at the White House before, although no details were available Wednesday night.::::::::Philippe Melaku-Bello, a peace protester who said he regularly spends time near the White House, said he saw five to six officers with batons out, standing over a man on the ground about 40 feet west of the center of the building on its northern side. He said the man was not moving. Officers immediately started moving bystanders farther from the White House. While Melaku-Bello was moving away, he heard the barking of a dog, he said.::::::::Andrew Meade was in front of the White House with his family after a day of visiting museums. He said his wife saw someone climb over the fence, and he heard police shouting at the tourists to move.::::::::Meade gathered his two young children and ran through Lafayette Square. As he ran, he said, he could hear Secret Service officers shouting orders at the intruder, including “get down on the ground” and “put your hands up.” He heard a dog barking, he said.::::::::The Sept. 19 fence-jumping incident ignited a major security review after reporting by The Washington Post revealed that Gonzalez got farther inside the White House than initially reported by the Secret Service. A cascade of other revelations soon emerged, including reporting by The Post that detailed the agency’s fumbling response to a November 2011 incident in which a man fired a semiautomatic rifle into the White House residence while Sasha Obama was home. The Secret Service initially discounted the gunshots on Constitution Avenue as a shootout between rival gangs.::::::::Also, a security contractor with a gun and three convictions for assault and battery was allowed on an elevator with President Obama during a Sept. 16 trip to Atlanta, violating Secret Service protocols, according to three people familiar with the incident.::::::::The president was not told about the lapse in his security, the people have said.::::::::Clarence Williams, Alice Crites, Juliet Eilperin, Ed O’Keefe and Spencer H. Hsu contributed to this report.	
http://www.npr.org/2014/10/23/358236149/mexican-prosecutor-says-mayor-wife-ordered-attack-on-students?utm_medium%3DRSS%26utm_campaign%3Dnews	Mexican Prosecutor Says Mayor, Wife Ordered Attack On Students	NPR	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 01:32:39 -0700		mexican prosecutor;says;wife ordered attack	Mexico's top prosecutor says it a mayor and his wife ordered the attack on 43 students who have been missing for nearly a month. The couple — of the town of Iguala in the southern state of Guerrero — are now fugitives. Thousands of protesters marched ...	Audio for this story from Morning Edition will be available at approximately 9:00 a.m. ET.::::::::Mexico's top prosecutor says it a mayor and his wife ordered the attack on 43 students who have been missing for nearly a month. The couple — of the town of Iguala in the southern state of Guerrero — are now fugitives.::::::::Thousands of protesters marched down Mexico City's grand Reforma Boulevard Wednesday night, banging drums, carrying pictures of the 43 students who went missing on Sept. 26 and demanding the resignation of the governor of the state of Guerrero and even of President Enrique Pena Nieto.::::::::Holding a poster-sized black-and-white photo of her missing 19-year-old son, Benjamin, Cristina Bautista says she believes the students are still alive.::::::::"I don't know how they are going to do it," she says, staring off in the distance, "but they took the students alive and they have to return them to us alive."::::::::Bautista says her son had just started at the rural teaching college, known for its leftist ideology and radical protests. She says he just wanted to study to be a teacher and get a good paying job, something not possible in the poor regions of Guerrero where they live.::::::::The missing student's uncle, Cruz Bautista, wants to know why it has taken so long for the government to find his nephew or those responsible for his disappearance.::::::::"They need to do their job," he says. "Why haven't they arrested the mayor of Iguala yet or his wife?"::::::::Wednesday, Mexico's attorney general said an arrest warrant has been issued for Mayor Jose Luis Abarca and his wife, Maria de los Angeles Pineda.::::::::Jesus Murillo Karam, the country's top prosecutor, also named the mayor's wife as the "principal operator" of the trafficking group known as the Guerreros Unidos, and that she together with her husband ran the group's illegal activities right out of Iguala's City Hall.::::::::Murillo Karam went on to give more details — the most he has divulged to date on the case, including that the mayor was doling out as much as 600,000 pesos (about $45,000) on a regular basis to pay off the police.::::::::Murillo Karam went on to say that on the night of Sept. 26, as the students were heading toward Iguala in several buses they had commandeered, the order to stop them came over the local police radios. And that is was given by "A-5," the code name for Iguala's mayor.::::::::Local police intercepted the student's buses and started shooting, killing six people and rounding up the 43 students. According to the attorney general, the students were taken to another police force and then transported to the outskirts of Iguala. Those orders, he said, came from the head of the Guerreros Unidos, who federal authorities captured last week.::::::::Attorney General Murillo Karam says investigators are still trying to positively identify the remains of some 30 bodies found in nine graves outside Iguala.::::::::In the town Wednesday, angry protesters — many hooded — smashed windows and burned several offices at City Hall.::::::::In Mexico City, students marched for hours, demanding justice and revenge.::::::::Maria Fernanda Solis, an 18 year old college student, says it's just outrageous how much corruption, collusion and impunity there is in Mexico.::::::::"The government and the traffickers are one and the same," she says. "We have to stop it."::::::::Many students dressed in black, like those from the music school at the National Autonomous University, asked: If the government kills students, what is left for the future of Mexico?	
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10544583878787513307804580231743176979032.html	Gunmen Attack Minority Shia Muslims in Pakistan	Wall Street Journal	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 01:43:38 -0700	Syed Shoaib Hasan	gunmen attack minority shia muslims;pakistan	People attend the funeral of victims of a suicide bomb attack targeting the minority Shiite Hazara in Quetta, Pakistan on Oct. 5. Hazaras have been the targets of escalating sectarian violence in recent years. European Pressphoto Agency. By. Syed Shoaib ...	KARACHI, Pakistan—Gunmen attacked a passenger bus carrying members of Pakistan’s Shiite minority Hazara community in the city of Quetta Thursday, killing at least eight people, local officials said.::::::::Quetta Police Superintendent Imran Qureshi said several unidentified assailants on motorcycles intercepted the bus and sprayed it with gunfire.	
http://www.washingtonpost.com/sports/nationals/2014-world-series-perez-infante-help-royals-bounce-back-in-game-2-vs-giants/2014/10/23/7969e508-5a35-11e4-bd61-346aee66ba29_story.html	2014 World Series: Perez, Infante help Royals bounce back in Game 2 vs. Giants	Washington Post	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 01:42:26 -0700		world series;perez;infante;royals;game	KANSAS CITY, Mo. — It sputtered at the start, weighed down by a lopsided opener and slipshod moments. It belched and gurgled for two nights, giving off an exhaust of dullness and dominance. It threatened to stall and disappoint, until suddenly — with a ...	Salvador Perez exchanges words with Giants reliever Hunter Strickland, who was apparently displeased with the speed in which Perez made his way to home plate from second following Omar Infante’s sixth-inning home run. (Jamie Squire/Getty Images)::::::::It sputtered at the start, weighed down by a lopsided opener and slipshod moments. It belched and gurgled for two nights, giving off an exhaust of dullness and dominance. It threatened to stall and disappoint, until suddenly — with a loud, throaty roar — the 110th World Series kicked into gear in a head-spinning sixth inning Wednesday night. Fastballs hummed at 101 mph. Line drives hissed to and over fences. Benches emptied. And as the Kansas City Royals turned the cold-blooded San Francisco Giants into a blubbering heap of bad decisions and gnarled relievers, the Fall Classic sprung to life. We now have ourselves a series.::::::::The Royals’ first World Series victory in 29 years, a 7-2 triumph in Game 2 at Kauffman Stadium, erupted in the sixth inning. Royals Manager Ned Yost activated his viper pit of a bullpen in the top half and squelched the Giants’ final meaningful rally. The Royals seized the lead with a five-run, five-pitcher inning that culminated with Omar Infante’s two-run homer over the left field fence off reliever Hunter Strickland, who touched off a brouhaha when he responded to Salvador Perez’s slow trot around the bases by screaming at him.::::::::Once the dust settled, the Royals and Giants retreated to their separate clubhouses and packed for San Francisco. They both could rationalize a successful start. The Giants had stolen home-field advantage with a split. The Royals had rebounded from their Game 1 trouncing and proved the Giants — now 16-3 in their past 19 postseason games — mortal in October. They both will show up for Game 3 on Friday night in need of three victories to claim a World Series title.::::::::“It was an absolute blast to be a part of both of these games,” Giants right fielder Hunter Pence said. “Winning was great, but also seeing them step up, it’s a joy. It’s a joy to be a part of. The results will take care of themselves. I’ll see whenever it’s over. I try to black it out.”::::::::The sixth inning ended with Strickland’s twin foibles — a long homer and a short fuse — on display. But it began with the Giants rallying and the Royals revealing to the Giants the might of their menacing bullpen.::::::::With one out and the score tied at 2, Pence singled off rookie starter Yordano Ventura to put two runners on base. Yost emerged from the bullpen and called on thunderous right-hander Kelvin Herrera. He usually handles the seventh inning, but now Yost broke the glass because of emergency.::::::::Herrera greeted Brandon Belt with a 101-mph fastball. He dialed it back to a mere 100 with the next pitch. After Herrera offered a 92-mph change-up, Belt eventually flied a 101-mph fastball to left. Herrera turned Michael Morse’s bat into kindling with a 101-mph fastball that bored in on his arm.::::::::“I know he can’t handle it if I put in a good spot,” Herrera said.::::::::“His ball was running pretty good,” Morse said. “I thought I squared it up. I thought I put a good swing on it. I thought I saw it pretty well. And then he sawed me right off. I told myself, ‘You got to get started a little earlier.’ ”::::::::With fresh lumber, Morse ripped a one-hopper to shortstop, and Herrera had quelled the threat. He threw eight fastballs, all of them 100 or 101 mph.::::::::Giants Manager Bruce Bochy may punch his ticket to the Hall of Fame before this fall ends, and he has drawn hosannas for his bullpen deployment for five years. But he may have blundered to begin the bottom half of the inning, when he left the game in his starter’s hands a batter too long.::::::::Jake Peavy had recovered from an abysmal start and retired 10 straight hitters, having thrown fewer than 60 pitches when he took the mound for the sixth inning. Kansas City’s 3-4-5 hitters loomed. The Giants’ bullpen remained dormant, even though potential trouble lurked. When facing Peavy for a third time in the same start this season, hitters batted .323 with a .933 OPS. Eric Hosmer, a dangerous lefty, would bat second.::::::::Lorenzo Cain flared a single to center field to lead off the inning, and because no relievers had stirred, Peavy — and not Javier Lopez or Jeremy Affeldt — needed to face Hosmer. Peavy fell behind with three consecutive balls and eventually walked Hosmer.::::::::A threat had coalesced, and Bochy meandered to the mound a beat too late. He summoned Jean Machi to face Billy Butler, the cherubic designated hitter who hawks bottles of barbecue sauce with his name on the label. Butler, the longest-tenured Royal, hammered a single to left field. Travis Ishikawa — a career first baseman moonlighting in left to get an extra bat in the lineup — charged the ball and lobbed a weak throw home. Cain slid across with the go-ahead run.::::::::The Royals caught fire as Giants relievers filed to the mound as if through a turnstile. Lopez entered to face Alex Gordon and induced a fly to left, then yielded to Strickland, the rookie whom Bryce Harper had victimized for two moonshot homers in the National League Division Series. Perez greeted him with a missile to the gap, scoring both runs and pushing the Royals ahead 5-2.::::::::Strickland fell behind Infante with a ball and rifled a 98-mph, plate-bisecting fastball at the letters. Infante lashed it to left and flipped his bat toward the home dugout. The ball caromed off the back wall of the bullpen, and Kauffman Stadium went delirious.::::::::As Perez walked across home plate, Strickland took exception to the pace of his gait. He gestured toward the dugout and yelled at Perez. Perez stood on home plate and yelled back.::::::::“After Omar hit the bomb and I get close to home plate, he starts to look at me,” Perez said. “So I asked him, ‘Hey, why you look at me?’ So he was telling me, ‘Get out of here,’ whatever. You don’t have to treat me like that. Look at Omar. Omar hit a bomb. I didn’t hit a bomb. I hit a double.”::::::::Players spilled out of the dugouts. Three Royals relievers sprinted to the infield. No confrontation materialized, but an umpire needed to escort Strickland off the field.::::::::“I got caught up and didn’t control my emotions like I should have,” Strickland said. “My emotions got the best of me. I’m not too proud of that.”::::::::Hours earlier, the Giants had strengthened their grip on the series when Gregor Blanco, a Class AAA Syracuse Chief in 2011 and the replacement for injured Angel Pagan, delivered Kauffman Stadium another air-out-of-the-building beginning with a leadoff homer on Yordano Ventura’s 3-2, 98-mph fastball. But the Royals and vowed resilience after Game 1, and they never cracked.::::::::“It starts the night before,” Royals veteran Raul Ibanez said. “The place was loose. There was an attitude that we’ll get them tomorrow. Not an arrogant attitude. Just a belief.”::::::::Ventura settled down. Butler and Alcides Escobar cracked RBI hits. The fever-dream sixth inning happened. Morse pointed out the Giants may not have seen a fastball slower than 95 mph all game.::::::::The Royals had asserted themselves, and a series crackled with fresh life.	
http://tvnz.co.nz/world-news/lawyers-convicted-blackwater-guards-appeal-6115397	Lawyers for convicted Blackwater guards to appeal - World News	TVNZ	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 01:12:19 -0700		lawyers;blackwater;world news	Lawyers for four former Blackwater security guards convicted in the 2007 shootings of more than 30 Iraqis in Baghdad plan to appeal, they said. The convictions stemmed from an incident that inflamed anti-American sentiment around the globe and was ...	Lawyers for four former Blackwater security guards convicted in the 2007 shootings of more than 30 Iraqis in Baghdad plan to appeal, they said.::::::::The convictions stemmed from an incident that inflamed anti-American sentiment around the globe and was denounced by critics as an illustration of a war gone horribly wrong.::::::::The men claimed self-defence, but federal prosecutors argued that they had shown "a grave indifference" to the carnage their actions would cause. All four were ordered immediately to jail today.::::::::Their lawyers promised to file appeals. The judge did not immediately set a sentencing date.::::::::The federal jury found Nicholas Slatten guilty of first-degree murder, the most serious charge in a multi-count indictment. The three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were found guilty of multiple counts of voluntary manslaughter, attempted manslaughter and gun violations.::::::::The outcome after a summer-long trial and weeks of jury deliberation appeared to stun the defence.::::::::David Schertler, a lawyer for Heard, said, "The verdict is wrong, it's incomprehensible. We're devastated. We're going to fight it every step of the way. We still think we're going to win."::::::::However, one of those struck by gunfire in the shootings, Hassan Jabir, said in Baghdad that "at last we are hearing good news where justice has been achieved and Blackwater will receive their punishment." He said there are two bullets still inside his body, one in his hand and one in his back, which doctors have said it would be very risky to remove.::::::::The shootings on September 16, 2007, caused an international uproar over the role of defence contractors in urban warfare.	
http://edition.cnn.com/2014/10/23/world/ottawa-shooting-roundup/?hpt%3Dhp_t1	Canadian shooting: What we know -- and don't know	CNN International	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 02:12:31 -0700	Faith Karimi		(CNN) -- A day after a gunman killed an army reservist in the Canadian capital of Ottawa, many questions remain. Why did he shoot? Why did he target Nathan Cirillo? Is he connected to the the militant group ISIS? Here's list of what we know -- and don't know ...	(CNN) -- A day after a gunman killed an army reservist in the Canadian capital of Ottawa, many questions remain.::::::::Why did he shoot? Why did he target Nathan Cirillo? Is he connected to the the militant group ISIS? Here's a list of what we know -- and don't know -- in the Ottawa shooting.::::::::What we know: There have been troubling incidents in the nation recently.::::::::The attack at parliament Wednesday, which killed Nathan Cirillo, was the latest attack this week. On Monday, a man Canadian authorities said was "radicalized" hit a soldier with a car in Quebec, killing him. Police later killed the man.::::::::Passports for the men in both attacks had been confiscated before the attacks.::::::::There was no immediate indication that the Monday and Wednesday incidents were related.::::::::Before the two attacks in Canada, there was already concern about jihadist efforts in the nation. The U.S. heightened security at the Ottawa embassy as well as another consulate in the country after jihadist chatter indicated an attack could be in the works, according to officials.::::::::What we don't know: The gunman's motive in the shooting. With his death, the answer might never be fully known.::::::::What we know: He was born Michael Joseph Hall in Canada in 1982. Authorities said he changed his name to Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. His attack came two days after a "radicalized" man killed a soldier with his car, and five days after Canada raised its threat level.::::::::What we don't know: Why he changed his name to Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, but two sources told CNN that he converted to Islam. While ISIS militants have stepped up recruitment efforts in Canada, there's no indication so far that the attacker was part of them.::::::::What we know: Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson said the gunman was acting alone. "It appears there was just one shooter, and that shooter is dead," he said.::::::::What we don't know: If he had any ties to any group or groups. A U.S. law enforcement official told CNN that a connection to terrorism hasn't been ruled out.::::::::"In the days to come, we will learn more about the terrorist and any accomplices he may have had, but this week's events are a grim reminder that Canada is not immune to the types of terrorist attacks we have seen elsewhere in the world," Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper.::::::::What we know: Nathan Cirillo was the strong, smiling type. The Canadian army reservist could look the part of intimidating soldier, but loved snuggling with his dog, enjoying music or joking with friends. He was part of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, a reserve unit of the Canadian army.::::::::What we don't know: Why the gunman targeted shot him in the back -- "in cold blood," as Harper put it, while he stood guard at the Canada War Memorial.::::::::What we know: Kevin Vickers, sergeant-at-arms of Canada's House of Commons, is credited with bringing down the gunman. "Kevin is definitely a hero," said Matt Miller, the Vancouver Observer's parliamentary bureau chief, who was in his office just above Vickers and the shooting.::::::::What we don't know: Details on how he stopped the gunman. Several officers had weapons drawn, and most of the dozens of shots appeared to have been fired by officers at the gunman. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police said more information would be provided in a press conference Thursday.::::::::What we know: Shortly after the shooting at the memorial, a gunman entered the nearby building on Parliament Hill. Gunfire first erupted in the building's foyer. Then a second round of shooting happened about a minute later in a hallway or near the entrance to the Parliament's library.::::::::What we don't know: Why the security agencies at the parliament did not tighten security after Ottawa police received a 911 call at nearby National War Memorial. We also don't know how the gunman slipped past the metal detectors and in to the building.	
http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/airstrikes-target-oil-field-eastern-syria-26394051	Activists: Syria Airstrikes Toll Over 500	ABC News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 02:45:06 -0700	Abc News	activists;syria airstrikes	U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on Syria have killed more than 500 people, mainly Islamic militants, since they began last month, activists said Thursday, as warplanes targeted an oil field in the eastern Deir el-Zour province near Iraq. The Britain-based Syrian ...	U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on Syria have killed more than 500 people, mainly Islamic militants, since they began last month, activists said Thursday, as warplanes targeted an oil field in the eastern Deir el-Zour province near Iraq.::::::::The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which relies on a network of activists on the ground, said that since the airstrikes began on Sept. 23, 553 people have been killed, including 32 civilians. The civilians included six children and five women.::::::::The group said it has documented the deaths of 464 fighters with the Islamic State group, adding that the real number could be much higher. Another 57 fighters with the al-Qaida-linked Nusra Front were killed in airstrikes on the northern province of Aleppo and Idlib, the Observatory said.::::::::Many of the Islamic State fighters have been killed in or near the northern Syrian town of Kobani, the target of a massive jihadi offensive since mid-September. IS fighters have captured dozens of Kurdish villages and forced more than 200,000 people to flee for safety in neighboring Turkey.::::::::Earlier this week, The U.S. Central Command said its forces have conducted more than 135 airstrikes against Islamic State militants in and around Kobani, killing hundreds of fighters.::::::::"Combined with continued resistance to ISIL on the ground, indications are that these strikes have slowed ISIL advances into the city, killed hundreds of their fighters and destroyed or damaged scores of pieces of ISIL combat equipment and fighting positions," Central Command said in a statement.::::::::An Associated Press journalist on the Turkish side of the border said heavy machine gun fire could be heard from the town on Thursday.::::::::The Observatory meanwhile reported four coalition airstrikes on oil wells in the Jafra field in Deir el-Zour late Wednesday. The Local Coordination Committees, an activist group, also reported the airstrikes in areas held by the Islamic State group.::::::::The U.S.-led coalition has aggressively targeted IS-held oil facilities in Syria, which provide a key source of income for the militants. But such strikes also endanger civilians, which could undermine long-term efforts to destroy the militant group.::::::::The attacks on the oil industry, including refineries, have also led to a sharp rise in the price of oil products in rebel-held areas of Syria.	
http://news.sky.com/story/1358531/mexico-mayor-suspected-over-46-missing-teachers	Mexico Mayor Suspected Over 46 Missing Teachers	Sky News	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 21:49:09 -0700		mexico;suspected;missing	Mexico's attorney general names a mayor and his wife as the "probable masterminds" behind the loss of 43 trainee teachers. 05:43, UK, Thursday 23 October 2014. Play video. Video: Protests Over Missing Teachers. Share on Twitter · Share on Facebook ...	Protesters have marched on the streets of Mexico as it emerged that a mayor and his wife were the "probable masterminds" behind the disappearance of 43 student teachers.::::::::Thousands took to the streets of Iguala, in southwest Mexico, to protest against the disappearance of the teachers on 26 September.::::::::Masked men smashed windows and used Molotov cocktails to set fire to the city's municipal offices after the protests.::::::::Police also made several arrests after looting broke out in the city.::::::::It came as Mexican Attorney General Jesus Murillo said Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca and his wife Marina de los Angeles Pineda were possibly behind the students' disappearance.::::::::Authorities have arrested 52 people in connection with the incident, including dozens of police who have been linked to a gang called Guerreros Unidos.::::::::The gang's leader, Sidronio Casarrubias, was arrested last week.::::::::Mr Murillo said Casarrubias had told prosecutors the mayor and his wife ordered two local police forces to stop the students from disrupting a political event on the day they went missing.::::::::"We have issued warrants for the arrest of Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca, his wife Mrs Pineda Villa and police chief Felipe Flores Velazquez, as probable masterminds of the events that occurred in Iguala," he said.::::::::Mr Murillo added that during the September incident, police shot and killed one student and detained the others before turning them over to gang members.::::::::He said the gang then mistook the students for members of rival criminal group Los Rojos.::::::::Authorities are continuing to investigate mass graves in an area where they have already found 30 bodies.::::::::Initial examinations have shown none of the bodies belong to the students.	
http://www.newsweek.com/2014/10/31/missing-vaccine-278793.html		Newsweek	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 02:06:02 -0700			A nurse demonstrates putting on protective equipment during an Ebola educational session. Mike Segar/Reuters. Tweet. AA. Filed Under: World, Ebola, Ebola Vaccine, UK, Africa, health. It is 9.30 on an ordinary Wednesday evening, and the National Express ...		
http://www.elkharttruth.com/news/national/2014/10/23/Massive-cheating-scandal-at-UNC-involved-athletes.html	Massive cheating scandal at UNC involved athletes	The Elkhart Truth	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 02:01:31 -0700	Aaron Beard;Sadie Gurman Associated Press;Rob Maaddi Ap Pro Football Writer;Dalesio Associated Press;Emery P	massive;unc	CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (AP) — A college professor who studies cheating at universities says the scandal at the University of North Carolina stands out among others. Howard Gardner, a professor at Harvard's Graduate School of Education, says the existence of ...		
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/early-apple-computer-sells-905-000-article-1.1983935	Early Apple computer sells for $905,000	New York Daily News	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 17:47:11 -0700		early apple	One of the few remaining examples of Apple Inc's first pre-assembled computer, Apple-1, sold for $905,000 at an auction in New York on Wednesday, far outstripping expectations. The relic, which sparked a revolution in home computing, is thought to be one ...	One of the few remaining examples of Apple Inc's first pre-assembled computer, Apple-1, sold for $905,000 at an auction in New York on Wednesday, far outstripping expectations.::::::::The relic, which sparked a revolution in home computing, is thought to be one of the first batch of 50 Apple-1 machines assembled by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak in Steve Job's family garage in Los Altos, California in the summer of 1976.::::::::Auction house Bonhams had said it expected to sell the machine, which was working as of September, for between $300,000 and $500,000.::::::::The buyer was The Henry Ford organization, which plans to display the computer in its museum in Dearborn, Michigan.::::::::"The Apple-1 was not only innovative, but it is a key artifact in the foundation of the digital revolution," Henry Ford President Patricia Mooradian said in a statement.::::::::There were few buyers for the first Apples until Paul Terrell, owner of electronics retailer Byte Shop, placed an order for 50 and sold them for $666.66 each.::::::::After that initial success, Jobs and Wozniak produced another 150 and sold them to friends and other vendors.::::::::Previously, a working Apple-I was sold by Sotheby's auction house in 2012 for $374,500.::::::::On a mobile device? Click here to watch the video.	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/mlb/2014/10/22/royals-giants-game-2-world-series-billy-butler/17754459/	Butler ignites Royals offense in Game 2	USA TODAY	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 02:24:49 -0700	Edt October;A M	butler;royals;game	KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Billy Butler doesn't know if he'll be back in Kansas City next year, let alone next week, but he did everything in his power Wednesday night to assure this Royals' team will never be forgotten. The Royals won their first World Series victory ...	KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Billy Butler doesn't know if he'll be back in Kansas City next year, let alone next week, but he did everything in his power Wednesday night to assure this Royals' team will never be forgotten.::::::::The Royals won their first World Series victory in nearly three decades, 7-2 in Game 2, over the San Francisco Giants, and letting everyone know they plan on sticking around awhile in this Series.::::::::The sellout crowd of 40,446 at Kauffman Stadium, standing throughout most of the game and screaming until their lungs burned, loved every minute of it.::::::::This is the Royals' team they fell in love with during the season.::::::::This is the team that captured their imagination, winning with speed, timely defense, and, oh yeah, that spectacular bullpen.::::::::And Butler reminded them of another icon in time, becoming the first Royals' player to provide the tying and go-ahead hit in the same postseason game since George Brett in the 1985 American League Championship Series against the Toronto Blue Jays.::::::::It was that kind of night for the big fella.::::::::It was also that kind of night for the Royals, who have tied the Series at 1-game apiece, sending it back to San Francisco for the next three games beginning Friday night at AT&T Park.::::::::"I felt definitely like it was a must-win for us,'' Butler said. "We showed them that we have fight in us.''::::::::Butler, who'll be a free agent if the Royals don't pick up his $12 million option, ignited the Royals' offense in the first inning with his run-scoring single off Jake Peavy. And he was the one who drove in the go-ahead run in the sixth inning with his single off Jean Machi on a 2-and-0 fastball.::::::::"Any time Billy gets up in those situations,'' Royals manager Ned Yost says, "I feel great. I feel like he's going to get the job done, and again, he did it. He came up big for us twice tonight.::::::::"I felt really strongly that whoever scored that third run was probably going to win the game.::::::::"That was a monster hit for us.''::::::::Butler must have felt that way, even taking a curtain call with his go-ahead single during the pitching change, with the crowd chanting his name, and his teammates prodding him.::::::::"They were egging me on,'' Butler says. "They told me to go out there and do it.::::::::"It was one of those things where your teammates tell you to do it, you're going to get out there. And the fans received me well.::::::::"We knew that with our bullpen coming in, and what type of bullpen we have, we know where our record is after that.''::::::::Butler was all over the place on this night, even playing peacemaker during Giants rookie pitcher Hunter Strickland's meltdown. No biggie, he says. Nothing like a benches-clearing incident, and a few hot tempers, to liven things up the World Series.::::::::The drama got started in the sixth inning, with the Giants emptying their bullpen with four relievers facing six batters. By the time the smoke cleared, the Royals blew the game open with five runs, including Omar Infante's first homer in 145 career postseason at-bats. It was the second-longest drought in major-league history.::::::::It also inflamed some old-fashioned hostilities, with Strickland screaming at Royals catcher Salvador Perez, who was waiting for Infante at the plate. Perez yelled right back at him.::::::::"After Omar hit the bomb, and I get close to home plate,'' Perez said, "he started to look at me. So I asked him like, 'Hey, why you look at me?'::::::::"He was telling me, 'Get out of here.' Whatever. You don't have to treat me like that.::::::::The benches emptied, and peace was restored, with Butler coming out onto the field to make sure there was no further commotion.::::::::"We don't want to fight on the field,'' Perez said. "I'm not that kind of person, that kind of player. I just like to play the game hard, enjoy the game, and trying to get a "W'' for my team.''::::::::Who knows what the repercussions will be, but it could be the last time we see Strickland in a key situation the rest of this Series. The kid has faced 23 batters this postseason, and five of them homered.::::::::He actually has given up more homers in this postseason than he did all year in the major leagues and minors.::::::::"I think it was just ffrustration on his part,'' Giants manager Bruce Bochy said. "I mean, it's intense out there. He's an intense kid, and it probably got away from him a little bit.::::::::"He's going to have to keep his poise. He shows his emotions, but it's an area he probably has to work on because you're going to give up a home run occasionally.::::::::"There are things we'll talk to him about.''::::::::No matter, the hot tempers weren't going to spoil the Royals' first World Series victory since 1985, and all of Butler's glory.::::::::Butler, who has been with the Royals' organization for 10 years, would love the chance to even bat again. He has been the DH the first two games, and with the series shifting to San Francisco, he may be sitting until Game 6 when a DH is employed again in Kansas City.::::::::If there is no Game 6, and this was his final game at Kauffman Stadium, Butler made sure it was memorable.::::::::"There's been a lot more tough times than there's been good,'' Butler said. "There were times when we're losing 90 games and it always feels like we're developing players. But you just continue to grind and do your job.::::::::"This is a great experience. To see us come and to see this process go from the beginning, to where we are now, it's incredible. …::::::::"Imagine being your first playoff berth and being in the World Series, and winning eight in a row to start the playoffs. It shows you what type of group we have in there, and what time of group the organization up top assembled.'::::::::"I don't think that has anything to do with the contract situation, but just being here and being able to experience it with these guys that I've played my whole career with, it's an incredible honor.''::::::::Butler made sure the experience will last even longer, and even if he's relegated only to being a pinch-hitter in the three games in San Francisco, he could be utilized in critical situations.::::::::"He is such a force in our lineup,'' Yost says, "and has been for years. He's a guy that is tremendously intelligent when it comes to hitting. He knows the opposing pitchers as well as anybody.''::::::::Certainly, the Royals proved they aren't going away either, showcasing their stellar bullpen for the Giants to witness for themselves.::::::::"This is a great club,'' Bochy said. "We know it's going to be a tough series. With their pitching, and our pitching, and the way both teams play, we were going to have a fight every game.''::::::::The Giants were able to drive rookie starter Yordano Ventura out of the game after just 5 1/3 innings_with Ventura recording only one swing-and-miss strike on the 63 fastballs he threw.::::::::Yet, once the Royals turned to their bullpen, the Giants were done, getting just one hit in the final 3 2/3 innings with six strikeouts.::::::::The Giants were threatening with runners on first and second with one out in the sixth when Royals manager Ned Yost turned to Kelvin Herrera. He got the Giant's attention in a hurry. His first pitch was clocked at 101 mph. He threw nine pitches. Eight were clocked at 100 or 101 mph.::::::::You guessed it, the Giants went down, with Brandon Belt flying out and Michael Morse's grounding out.::::::::It was the last time the Giants made any noise the rest of the night, with Wade Davis pitching the eighth inning and Greg Holland closing out the ninth.::::::::Herrera's shut-down outing also seemed to spark the Royals' offense. Peavy, pitching like this were 2007 again when he won the Cy Young award with the San Diego Padres, retired 10 consecutive batters.::::::::Certainly, he resembled the guy who went 6-4 with a 2.17 ERA in 12 starts for the Giants after being acquired at the trade deadline from the Boston Red Sox.::::::::Yet, the Royals finally got to Peavy in the sixth. Lorenzo Cain led off with a bloop single. Eric Hosmer drew a walk. It ended Peavy's night, and for the eighth consecutive postseason start, he failed to last through the sixth inning.::::::::The fireworks were just getting started.::::::::Butler drove in the go-ahead run off Machi for a 3-2 Royals' lead. After Javier Lopez retired Alex Gordon on a fly ball, Strickland came into the game to face Perez. He greeted him with a two-run double. Infante followed with a two-run homer.::::::::And the party was just starting, with Butler making sure the lights would stay on all night.::::::::"I think things will work out,'' Butler says of his contract. "I'm focused on the World Series at this time. This team is counting on me as well to do my job, and that's being in the middle of the lineup and being an impact bat.::::::::"Things like that will work out after the World Series.::::::::"This is all I've ever known.::::::::"I'm proud to be here, and I'm proud to be a Royal.::::::::"I always have been.''::::::::And, on a night like this, the feelings have never been stronger.	
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/blackwater-trial-four-american-mercenaries-found-guilty-over-2007-civilian-shootings-in-baghdad-that-killed-14-people-9811981.html	Blackwater trial: Four American mercenaries found guilty over 2007 civilian shootings in Baghdad that killed 14 people	The Independent	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 12:49:40 -0700	Natasha Culzac;Andy Mcsmith;Jane Merrick;Chloe Hamilton;Antonia Molloy;Rose Buchanan;Ian Johnston	blackwater;american mercenaries;civilian shootings;baghdad	Four American mercenaries who opened fire into a crowd of unarmed civilians in Baghdad in the apparently mistaken belief they were under attack have been found guilty over the shootings of more than 30 people. A jury in Washington has convicted ...	A jury in Washington has convicted Nicholas Slatten of first-degree murder over one death. Three of his colleagues, Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard, were found guilty of the manslaughter of at least 12 people and of the attempted manslaughter of at least 11 others who were injured.::::::::All four guards were working for the US security firm then known as Blackwater. Following widespread horror at the shootings, Blackwater changed its name to Xe Services.::::::::A total of 14 people were killed and 18 others injured in the shootings in Nisour Square in September 2007.::::::::Slatten now faces a maximum sentence of life imprisonment. The maximum sentence for the manslaughter charges is eight years, but the men also face gun charges that carry a minimum prison term of 30 years.::::::::They had been tasked with making sure that the square was safe for a convoy carrying a US State Department official to pass through.::::::::The guards claimed they were fired upon and insisted they had acted in self-defence. However, federal US prosecutors said there had been no incoming gunfire and that the shootings were entirely unprovoked.::::::::Nicholas Slatten was convicted of first-degree murder (AP) ::::::::They claimed the guards had a deep hostility towards ordinary Iraqis and “a grave indifference” to whether they lived or died. Prosecutor Anthony Asuncion described how there was “gunfire coming from the left, gunfire coming from the right” as civilians in the crowded square fled.::::::::“These men took something that did not belong to them; the lives of 14 human beings... they were turned into bloody bullet-riddled corpses at the hands of these men,” he told the jury in closing arguments.::::::::“There was not a single dead insurgent on the scene. None of these people were armed.”::::::::Slatten was convicted of first-degree murder for firing the first shot with a sniper’s rifle from the convoy’s command vehicle, killing the driver of a nearby car, medical student Ahmed Haithem Ahmed Al Rubia’y.::::::::That led others to open fire indiscriminately into the crowd. Some 14 people were killed and 18 were wounded.::::::::At the trial, two Iraqi traffic officers and one of the injured testified that Mr Al Rubia’y’s car was stationary when the mercenaries first opened fire, supporting the prosecution’s claim that there was no need to do so.::::::::And Blackwater guard Jeremy Ridgeway, a government witness in the case, pleaded guilty to killing Mr Al Rubia’y’s mother, who died in the passenger seat next to her son.::::::::The jury reached verdicts on only some of the total of 33 charges faced by the men, but Judge Royce Lamberth allowed them to announce the decisions that they had reached. The jury was expected to continue deliberating on the other charges. The four men had denied all charges.::::::::Former Blackwater Worldwide guard Evan Liberty arriving at federal court (AP) ::::::::Mohamad al-Quraishy, Deputy Chief of Mission at the Iraqi Embassy in Washington, said the Iraqi people had been closely monitoring the trial, hoping that the guards would be convicted.::::::::“They will welcome this decision,” he said.::::::::David Schertler, a lawyer for Dustin Heard, strongly implied they would appeal.::::::::“The verdict is wrong, it’s incomprehensible,” he said.::::::::“We’re devastated. We’re going to fight it every step of the way. We still think we’re going to win.”::::::::William Coffield, a defence lawyer, earlier admitted there was “a lot of tragedy here”, but insisted the four men on trial had not been to blame.::::::::However, several former Blackwater guards testified that they had been distrustful of Iraqis generally, saying they had been led into ambushes on occasion.::::::::Blackwater was set up by a former US Navy Seal, Erik Prince, who had links to George W Bush’s administration. Mr Prince sold his stake in the firm in 2010, blaming “politics” in Washington and a failure to “appreciate” the work it had done in Iraq.::::::::Blackwater’s employees were linked to 195 shooting incidents between 2005 and 2008 while conducting international operations. They also took part in clandestine operations run by the CIA.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/23/us/latest-news-canada-terrorism-ebola-blackwater.html	Latest News: Canada Terrorism, Ebola, Blackwater	New York Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 02:52:13 -0700	Victoria Shannon	latest;canada terrorism;ebola;blackwater	Canadian police officials would not say how many more gunmen, if any, they might be seeking after shootings in Ottawa left an assailant and a soldier dead. The man who killed a guard at the tomb of the unknown soldier was identified as Michael ...	Here’s what you need to know:::::::::Canadian police officials would not say how many more gunmen, if any, they might be seeking after shootings in Ottawa left an assailant and a soldier dead.::::::::The man who killed a guard at the tomb of the unknown soldier was identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, a convert to Islam.::::::::The attack in the nation’s capital heightened fears that Canada was targeted in a reprisal for its support of the global fight against the Islamic State.::::::::More funds to fight the Ebola virus, which has killed nearly 5,000 people, will be sought at the summit meeting of European Union heads of state today and Friday in Brussels.::::::::But the main topics are supposed to be climate change targets and Ukraine’s access to Russian gas supplies for the winter.::::::::Four security guards for the government contractor Blackwater Worldwide spent the night in jail after their murder and manslaughter convictions Wednesday.::::::::A jury found that their killing of 17 Iraqis in a Baghdad square in 2007 was criminal and not an act of war.::::::::Nine people in Connecticut who may have been exposed to the Ebola virus are being quarantined at home and monitored by health authorities.::::::::Three are Yale University students and the others are from one family. At least some had traveled to West Africa.::::::::A Texas task force on Ebola holds a public hearing today, as a nurse who contracted the disease remains hospitalized in Dallas.::::::::Only four of 34 countries are prosecuting international bribery, 15 years after they signed a global anti-bribery convention, the nonprofit Transparency International said today.::::::::While the United States, Britain, Switzerland and Germany are actively investigating corruption, more than half of the countries are doing “nothing or little” to stop their companies from bribing foreign officials.::::::::The suspended speaker of the South Carolina House, who is accused of using campaign funds for personal use, is expected to resign today and plead guilty to criminal charges, according to news reports.::::::::Less than two weeks before the midterm elections, the first lady will be in Colorado campaigning for Senator Mark Udall. The vice president and Hillary Rodham Clinton make stops in Minnesota for Democratic candidates.::::::::Jeb Bush goes to South Carolina for the Republican governor, Nikki Haley, and Marco Rubio stumps for G.O.P. candidates in New Hampshire.::::::::• Wall Street stock futures are gaining modestly after a downer Wednesday. European shares are mixed, and Asian indexes ended slightly lower.::::::::• Unilever, the maker of Dove soaps, Lipton teas and Ben & Jerry’s ice cream, posted weak results, while Credit Suisse said third-quarter profits more than doubled.::::::::• The chairman of Tesco, the world’s second-largest retailer behind Walmart, is stepping down after the company said it overstated its first-half profit by more than originally estimated.::::::::• Nissan recalled 260,000 vehicles today over a defect in driver-side airbags made by Takata. U.S. regulators expanded the number of Takata-equipped vehicles that may be affected to 7.8 million.::::::::In a game that featured a heated exchange between players, the Royals evened the World Series with a 7-2 victory over the San Francisco Giants in Kansas City. Game 3 is in San Francisco on Friday.::::::::The leading fair for contemporary art, called FIAC, opens in Paris today minus one exhibit: a huge inflatable green sculpture outside the Hotel Ritz that some critics panned as an oversized sex toy.::::::::The American artist Paul McCarthy decided to scrap the display after vandals unplugged its air pump — and after he was slapped on the street by a detractor.::::::::Herbie Hancock is among the keynote speakers tonight at the Boston Book Festival, where he will talk about “Possibilities,” the new memoir of his 70-year jazz career.::::::::On Friday night, the Jazz Foundation of America honors the musician with its lifetime achievement award at the Apollo Theater in Harlem.::::::::Kosovo can send a team to the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro. The Olympics Committee cleared the country despite opposition from Serbia, from which Kosovo declared independence in 2008.::::::::The maker of Camel cigarettes will ban smoking in its offices and buildings next year.::::::::Not the furry, subterranean type of mole. Today’s celebrations extol the glories of a number beloved among chemists.::::::::Just as farmers count eggs in dozens, scientists count atoms and molecules by moles. It takes just 12 things to make a dozen, but nearly a trillion trillion (6.02×10²³) to make one mole.::::::::That’s why National Mole Day starts at 6:02 on 10/23.::::::::It is one of a wave of geeky holidays set off decades ago. There’s a Square Root Day (3/3/09, 4/4/16, etc.). Pi Day comes on 3/14.::::::::The National Mole Day Foundation (established in 1991) sets up an annual theme — this year’s is “Mole-O’Ween” — and a variety of projects to promote chemistry education.::::::::YouTube has a surprisingly large section of Mole Day tribute videos, many with a distinct “my chem teacher made us make Mole Day projects” vibe.::::::::We’re especially fond of the Mole Day Rap, featuring these immortal lyrics: “A mole is a unit/it’s a unit/yeah, that’s the only fact I’ve found.”::::::::Your Morning Briefing is posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern.::::::::What would you like to see here? Email us at briefing@nytimes.com.	
http://www.jpost.com/Breaking-News/US-led-air-strikes-killed-553-people-in-Syria-32-civilians-monitoring-group-says-379597	US-led air strikes killed 553 people in Syria, 32 civilians, monitoring group says	Jerusalem Post	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 23:42:59 -0700		us-led;air strikes;syria	Air strikes by US-led forces have killed 553 people, including 32 civilians, during a month-long campaign in Syria against Islamic State militants, a Syrian monitoring group which tracks the violence said on Thursday. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for ...	Air strikes by US-led forces have killed 553 people, including 32 civilians, during a month-long campaign in Syria against Islamic State militants, a Syrian monitoring group which tracks the violence said on Thursday.::::::::::::::::The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the majority of the deaths, 464, were Islamic State fighters. Six of the civilians were children and five were women, the Observatory said.::::::::::::::::It said 57 members of the al-Qaida-affiliated Nusra Front were also killed in the air strikes, which started a month ago. Strikes hit the provinces of Aleppo, Deir al-Zor, Idlib, Raqqa and al-Hassakah, it said.	
http://www.cnn.com/2014/10/22/politics/white-house-fence-jumper/	White House fence jumper has mental problems, dad says	CNN	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 02:55:20 -0700	Faith Karimi;Eric Bradner	white house fence jumper;mental problems	(CNN) -- A man jumped over the White House fence Wednesday night -- but he barely made it onto the lawn before he was subdued as he fought two police dogs. "Dog got him," a Secret Service spokesman said. W.H. fence jumper stopped by dogs.	(CNN) -- A man who jumped the White House fence Wednesday night suffers from mental problems, and has been arrested there before, according to his father.::::::::Dominic Adesanya of Bel Air, Maryland, barely made it onto the lawn before he was subdued as he fought two police dogs, the Secret Service said.::::::::"Dog got him," a Secret Service spokesman said.::::::::His father, who did not want to be named, told CNN affiliate WMAR that his son is paranoid and hears voices.::::::::Adesanya was arrested near the White House about two months ago and charged with a misdemeanor, he said.::::::::"He had done it before. ... He didn't get that close," the father told the affiliate. "He didn't cross the fence. He was at the gate, fussing at the people, wanting to talk to the President to tell the President about his situation."::::::::The father said they've asked "the government" for help, without any success. He did not provide specifics on whom he sought help from.::::::::"It's hard to be in your house and not know if the person you're living with is trustworthy and to know they're mentally disturbed like he is," the father said.::::::::Before officers moved in, he kicked a K-9 unit dog and punched another one. The two dogs were treated by a vet for injuries suffered in the incident.::::::::Wednesday's incident is the second time someone has jumped the fence at the White House in the last month.::::::::In September, Omar Gonzalez allegedly scaled a fence armed with a knife and made it into the White House before he was detained.::::::::Gonzalez's indictment has been delayed until he undergoes a full mental competency evaluation.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/23/health/us-to-monitor-travelers-from-ebola-hit-nations-for-21-days.html	U.S. Plans 21-Day Watch of Travelers From Ebola-Hit Nations	New York Times	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 17:59:05 -0700	Mcneil Jr;Donald G;Michael D	u.s. plans;watch;ebola-hit	Travelers from Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone will be given thermometers and information cards on Ebola. Credit CDC, via Associated Press. Continue reading the main story. Continue reading the main story. Continue reading the main story Share This ...	Federal health officials Wednesday placed new restrictions on travelers from West African countries with Ebola outbreaks, requiring that they report their temperatures daily for three weeks, along with any other potential symptoms of the disease.::::::::The regulations, from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, are meant to monitor everyone at risk of developing Ebola symptoms from an infection acquired overseas, while not shutting the borders and not overwhelming state and local health departments with having to hunt down hundreds of newly arrived visitors.::::::::The announcement came amid good news about two nurses who became infected after treating Thomas Eric Duncan, the Ebola patient who died in Texas on Oct. 8. Family members of one nurse, Amber Joy Vinson, said they had been told that her body was clear of the virus and that she was being moved out of isolation. The other nurse, Nina Pham, had her condition upgraded to good from fair on Tuesday.::::::::The new federal rules take effect next Monday. All travelers who have visited Guinea, Liberia or Sierra Leone will be required to provide home and email addresses, telephone numbers and other contact details for themselves and at least one friend or relative.::::::::Once a day for the next 21 days, they will have to check in with their state or local health departments and report their morning and evening temperatures and list any other symptoms, such as nausea, diarrhea, muscle aches or bleeding.::::::::State and local health departments will be required to have plans for finding and potentially detaining anyone who fails to check in.::::::::On arrival at an airport, each of those travelers will receive a packet with a thermometer, a card describing Ebola symptoms and a card to be given to a doctor or nurse if the traveler develops symptoms and is ordered to go to a hospital.::::::::The new restrictions apply to citizens of every country, including the United States. “They include C.D.C. employees, journalists, everyone,” Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, the director of the centers, said in a telephone news conference.::::::::Some members of Congress have demanded a complete ban on arrivals from the three West African countries, but health officials have argued that was unnecessary and would cripple efforts to stop the disease.::::::::In Washington, President Obama praised the C.D.C.’s plan and said the government “would continue to put in place additional measures as they make sense.”::::::::His remarks came after an hourlong meeting with top advisers, including his new “Ebola czar,” Ron Klain, a former chief of staff for Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.::::::::White House aides said Mr. Klain would probably keep a low profile as he coordinated the government’s response to the crisis.::::::::Mr. Obama said Mr. Klain, other aides and the C.D.C. would “systematically and steadily just make sure that every hospital has a plan.”::::::::A series of mistakes at Texas Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas that led to the infection of two nurses have called into question American hospitals’ Ebola preparedness.::::::::Separately, a senior official in the Department of Health and Human Services said the government was creating a network of “maybe up to 20” hospitals to which Ebola victims could be safely sent, in addition to the handful with special isolation units to which other Ebola patients, like the nurses, have been transferred.::::::::In a phone call with hospital administrators, Dr. Nicole Lurie, the department’s chief of preparedness, said the intent was to make sure that an Ebola victim anywhere in the country was no more than an eight-hour ambulance ride from a hospital with a staff trained to handle Ebola patients.::::::::Public health officials like Dr. Frieden have said that a complete travel ban would do more harm than good. Pilots and others ferrying supplies and personnel to the three countries must be able to fly in and out, and the heads of medical charities and the American military supervising troops need the same flexibility. Dr. Frieden himself visited all three countries in August.::::::::Also, if doctors and nurses could not come home from working there, they would be unlikely to volunteer to go.::::::::Under the new rules, they will be able to return but must be monitored.::::::::The rules will be enforced starting Monday in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia and Georgia — the destinations for about 70 percent of all travelers from West Africa — and rolled out in other states soon after, Dr. Frieden said.::::::::The Department of Homeland Security recently announced that all travelers to the United States who have visited any of the three West African countries must enter through one of five international airports where health officials are stationed to take their temperatures and travel histories, and get their contact details.::::::::They include Kennedy International in New York, Newark Liberty International, Washington Dulles International, O’Hare International in Chicago and Hartsfield-Jackson International in Atlanta. Those airports account for 94 percent of all arrivals from the affected countries.::::::::About 150 travelers whose trips originated in those countries arrive in the United States each day — or about 3,000 in any 21-day period, Dr. Frieden said.::::::::He said it was important to sort out travelers with routine illnesses from those who might have Ebola; especially as flu season begins, some travelers without Ebola are likely to develop common symptoms like fever, nausea and vomiting.::::::::As doctors who have worked in the three countries have pointed out, visitors can return with more common but still serious illnesses such as malaria or Lassa fever. Such patients need to get to hospitals quickly, and monitoring them could speed that process.::::::::The legal power to impose the new restrictions exists in federal law controlling the borders and in state and local laws, which usually give health officials very wide latitude to take measures to stop the spread of infectious diseases.::::::::Nigeria recently quenched its Ebola outbreak, in which one traveler from Liberia infected 19 Nigerians, seven of whom died. Health workers tracked nearly 900 people who had contact with Ebola victims, making nearly 18,500 home visits, taking temperatures twice daily for 21 days.::::::::Home visits are not necessary for all returning travelers, Dr. Frieden said, but could be for people who were definitely in contact with Ebola victims. It would be up to state health departments to decide how to enforce restrictions. For example, he said, travelers might be required to report in via a service like Skype or FaceTime, which would allow health officials to see what travelers look like.::::::::If a traveler who has been in one of the three West African countries within 21 days arrives at a port of entry that is not one of the five designated arrival airports, Dr. Frieden said, they will be held there until the same screening could be done.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/24/world/americas/in-the-west-a-growing-list-of-attacks-linked-to-islamic-extremism.html	In the West, a Growing List of Attacks Linked to Islamic Extremism	New York Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 03:01:07 -0700	Shreeya Sinha	growing list;linked;islamic extremism	Canadian authorities identified the gunman in the deadly shooting Wednesday of a soldier guarding the National War Memorial in Ottawa as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, a Canadian born in 1982. Mr. Zehaf-Bibeau, who had a criminal record, recently converted to ...	Canadian authorities identified the gunman in the deadly shooting Wednesday of a soldier guarding the National War Memorial in Ottawa as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, a Canadian born in 1982. Mr. Zehaf-Bibeau, who had a criminal record, recently converted to Islam, senior American law enforcement officials said. He was shot and killed in the attack.::::::::The episode was the second deadly assault on a uniformed member of Canada’s armed forces in three days, and the latest in a growing list of attacks in the West against soldiers, and in some cases civilians, by individuals who have professed their affinity for radical Islam or sympathy to militant ideology.::::::::Martin Rouleau-Couture, the owner of a small power-washing business, drove his car into two Canadian soldiers, killing one of them, at a strip mall in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec. The authorities suggested it was a terrorist attack, but little had emerged about the motives of Mr. Rouleau, who converted to Islam last year.::::::::Mr. Rouleau’s Facebook postings had extolled Islamic State violence, expressed anti-Semitic sentiments and denigrated Christianity. His family became increasingly concerned about his possible radicalization and contacted the police and the imam at the mosque where Mr. Rouleau prayed. He was fatally shot by the police during the attack.::::::::The Royal Canadian Mounted Police told NBC News that Mr. Rouleau was “one of the 90 individuals the government had already announced it was monitoring.”::::::::A man beheaded a co-worker and stabbed another employee at a food processing plant in Oklahoma before he was shot and wounded by a company executive. The suspect was identified as Alton Nolen. Mr. Nolen, who has a criminal history, had just been fired from the company, Vaughan Foods, and “he recently started trying to convert some of his co-workers to the Muslim religion,” said Jeremy Lewis, a spokesman for the police in Moore, Okla.::::::::Law enforcement officials said that Mr. Nolen had recently converted to Islam, but that the F.B.I. had found no connection between him and the Islamic State or other terrorist groups.::::::::Sept. 26, 2014: ISIS Lieutenant Tries to Coordinate Attacks in Australia::::::::Mohammad Ali Baryalei, a former Sydney nightclub bouncer who is now an Islamic State lieutenant, made a phone call from Syria to a 22-year-old Sydney man and asked him to carry out a beheading in Australia on camera, the police said.::::::::It is one of the few known attempts by the Islamic State to carry out a terrorist act outside the Middle East.::::::::Days after the Sydney man was arrested, an 18-year-old man stabbed two counterterrorism officers outside Melbourne before one of the officers shot and killed him. The police described the man as a “known terror suspect” who had been seen carrying an Islamic State flag at a local shopping center.::::::::May 24, 2014: 3 Shot Dead at Jewish Museum in Brussels::::::::A gunman opened fire at the Jewish Museum in the center of Brussels, killing three people. A month later, French authorities arrested Mehdi Nemmouche, a 29-year-old Frenchman with a long criminal history who had traveled to Syria last year to join radical Islamist fighters there. The authorities said he was carrying an assault rifle and revolver matching the descriptions of the weapons used in the deadly shootings.::::::::French and Belgian officials said evidence linked Mr. Nemmounche to the Islamic State, but it was not clear what help, if any, he might have received from them or any other group in planning and carrying out the attack in Belgium, or whether his motivation was linked to his time in Syria.::::::::Nicolas Henin, a French journalist held hostage for months by extremists in Syria, identified Mr. Nemmouche as one of his captors from July to December 2013. He recalled Mr. Nemmouche’s violent and sadistic personality.::::::::European officials said that the killings appeared to be the first committed in Europe by a European citizen returning from the battlefields of Syria.::::::::May 22, 2013: Attack Near Military Barracks in South London::::::::Two British-born converts to Islam were found guilty of murdering a British soldier, who was run over with a car on a southeast London street and then hacked with knives and a meat cleaver as closed-circuit cameras recorded parts of the grisly scene.::::::::One of the two men, Michael Adebolajo, then 29, is of Nigerian descent with ties to Al Qaeda. He had been arrested by the Kenyan police on suspicion of planning to join the Shabab, an extremist group in Somalia. Two former leaders of Al Muhajiroun, an extremist group with a small following that was banned in Britain after terrorist attacks in London in 2005, told reporters that he was part of their circle.::::::::In his defense, Mr. Adebolajo called himself a “soldier of Allah” and claimed that the killing had been an act of war.::::::::The path to radicalization of Mr. Adebolajo and the second attacker, Michael Adebowale, 22, also of Nigerian descent, was unclear. No evidence was found that a third party had helped plan the killing or, indeed, that anyone else had been aware of the plan, said Assistant Commissioner Cressida Dick, the head of the Metropolitan Police’s specialist operations.::::::::Mohammed Merah, a self-proclaimed member of Al Qaeda, killed three French soldiers and, later, a rabbi and three Jewish children outside a Jewish day school in southwestern France.::::::::Mr. Merah, a French-Algerian dual citizen, was raised in a poor neighborhood outside Toulouse, spent time in prison and was believed to have traveled to Pakistan and Afghanistan for combat training with Islamist fighters. He claimed responsibility for the killings that spanned 10 days, officials said, after barricading himself in a small apartment building in Toulouse. He was killed after a 30-hour standoff with hundreds of police officers. Mr. Merah was known to domestic intelligence officials, having been put on a watch list several years before his killing spree.::::::::In September, three Frenchmen suspected of having joined militants in Syria turned themselves in to the French authorities after a mix-up allowed them to walk free at the Marseille airport.::::::::One was identified as Abdelouahab el-Baghdadi, 29, a brother-in-law of Mr. Merah. The others were Imad Jjebali, a childhood friend of Mr. Merah who was sentenced to four years in prison in 2009 on terrorism charges, and Gael Maurize, who was suspected by the French intelligence services of having links to a jihadi terrorist cell.::::::::On Nov. 5, 2009, Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan, a United States Army psychiatrist, shot and killed 13 people and wounded 32 others at Fort Hood, Texas. An American-born Muslim of Palestinian descent, Major Hasan said he was driven by a hatred of American military action in the Muslim world and a desire to protect Taliban leaders in Afghanistan. He was sentenced to death by lethal injection. A Senate report called it the worst act of terrorism on American soil since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.::::::::A 22-year-old Army private, Naser Jason Abdo, was arrested almost two years later and charged with trying to detonate an explosive device at a restaurant frequented by Fort Hood soldiers. Private Abdo was found in a hotel room near the base with a .40-caliber semiautomatic pistol, bomb-making materials and an article from the English-language Qaeda magazine Inspire that described how to make a bomb in a kitchen.::::::::He had been involved in disputes with the military over his Muslim beliefs and his coming deployment to Afghanistan. He was convicted by a federal jury of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction, among other charges.::::::::In April, Army Spc. Ivan Lopez, who was being evaluated for post-traumatic stress disorder, opened fire at Fort Hood, killing three people and wounding 16 before killing himself.::::::::Though the attack was not linked to terrorism, Representative Michael McCaul, Republican of Texas and the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, said the three episodes at Fort Hood had given him concern that the base was “becoming a target for potential jihadists.”::::::::Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad, a Tennessee man upset about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, opened fire on two soldiers, killing one and wounding another outside a military recruiting station in Little Rock, Ark.::::::::Mr. Muhammad, who called himself a soldier in a Yemen-based affiliate of Al Qaeda, said the attack was in retribution for the killing of Muslims by American troops. In 2007, he traveled to Yemen where, over the course of 16 months, he taught English, learned Arabic, married a Yemeni woman and was imprisoned for several months because he overstayed his visa and was holding a fraudulent Somali passport, the Yemeni government said.	
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10544583878787513307804580231743176979032.html	Gunmen Attack Minority Shia Muslims in Pakistan	Wall Street Journal	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 01:43:38 -0700	Syed Shoaib Hasan	gunmen attack minority shia muslims;pakistan	People attend the funeral of victims of a suicide bomb attack targeting the minority Shiite Hazara in Quetta, Pakistan on Oct. 5. Hazaras have been the targets of escalating sectarian violence in recent years. European Pressphoto Agency. By. Syed Shoaib ...	KARACHI, Pakistan—Gunmen attacked a passenger bus carrying members of Pakistan’s Shiite minority Hazara community in the city of Quetta Thursday, killing at least eight people, local officials said.::::::::Quetta Police Superintendent Imran Qureshi said several unidentified assailants on motorcycles intercepted the bus and sprayed it with gunfire.	
http://www.wcnc.com/story/sports/ncaa/2014/10/23/public-reacts-to-unc-academic-scandal/17761833/	Public reacts to UNC academic scandal	WCNC	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 03:03:38 -0700	Dan Yesenosky;Edt October;Nbc Charlotte;A M	public reacts;unc;academic scandal	CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- NBC Charlotte heard from former UNC athletes and those who cover the program as academic fraud accusations come to light after an eight month investigation. Referred to as a "shadow curriculum" and "paper classes", the findings ...	CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- NBC Charlotte heard from former UNC athletes and those who cover the program as academic fraud accusations come to light after an eight month investigation.::::::::Referred to as a "shadow curriculum" and "paper classes", the findings show that the department of African and Afro-American Studies was formulated to help student athletes by offering easy classes to the point where some never had to show up to class.::::::::"Bad actions of a very few and inaction of many more failed our students, faculty and staff," Folt said.::::::::The violations go back from 1993-2011 and involve more than 3,000 students. Former football player and current Carolina Panthers' safety Tre Boston says he's disappointed to hear about it and says it's frustrating as a student who did things the right way.::::::::"Going to class every day, teachers were afraid to help us because they didn't want to lose their jobs," Boston said.::::::::Former basketball player Rashad McCants described a very different experience.::::::::"As an athlete, we weren't really there for an education," McCants said. "We were there to enhance on our athletic abilities. You get a scholarship to the university to play basketball. I clearly didn't go to any classes."::::::::Brett Jensen, who hosts a radio show on WBT in Charlotte says softening requirements and easing up curriculums for athletes is part of facilitating a charade.::::::::"That's all it is," Jensen said. "They have to at least make it look like they're on the up and up."::::::::He says the solution could be to just somehow start paying players to join a university's team, but only if the system is set up correctly and fairly. He's not sure what penalties the UNC athletic programs could face.::::::::"I don't know if they get a slap on the wrist, one-year probation, fines," Jensen said. "That's the million dollar question."	
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tech/tech-news/38-year-old-Apple-I-computer-auctioned-for-905000/articleshow/44915404.cms	38-year-old Apple I computer auctioned for $905,000	Times of India	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 23:26:33 -0700		apple	One of the few remaining examples of Apple's first pre-assembled computer, Apple I, sold for $905,000 at an auction in New York on Wednesday, far outstripping expectations. The relic, which sparked a revolution in home computing, is thought to be one of ...	One of the few remaining examples of Apple's first pre-assembled computer, Apple I, sold for $905,000 at an auction in New York on Wednesday, far outstripping expectations. :::::::::::::::: The relic, which sparked a revolution in home computing, is thought to be one of the first batch of 50 Apple I machines assembled by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak in Steve Jobs's family garage in Los Altos, California in the summer of 1976. :::::::::::::::: Auction house Bonhams had said it expected to sell the machine, which was working as of September, for between $300,000 and $500,000. :::::::::::::::: There were few buyers for the first Apples until Paul Terrell, owner of electronics retailer Byte Shop, placed an order for 50 and sold them for $666.66 each. :::::::::::::::: After that initial success, Jobs and Wozniak produced another 150 and sold them to friends and other vendors. :::::::::::::::: Previously, a working Apple I was sold by Sotheby's auction house in 2012 for $374,500.:::::::: Fewer than 50 original Apple 1s are believed to survive.	
http://www.latimes.com/world/asia/la-fg-facebook-ceo-mark-zuckerberg-speaks-chinese-20141023-story.html	Facebook's Zuckerberg speaks Chinese in Beijing visit	Los Angeles Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 02:21:18 -0700	Los Angeles Times	facebook;zuckerberg;beijing	Facebook has been blocked by Chinese authorities for over five years, but company founder Mark Zuckerberg appears to be on a new charm offensive to crack the massive market. In a move that has sent tongues wagging across China and around the globe, ...	Facebook has been blocked by Chinese authorities for over five years, but company founder Mark Zuckerberg appears to be on a new charm offensive to crack the massive market. In a move that has sent tongues wagging across China and around the globe, Zuckerberg showed off his nascent Chinese language skills this week in Beijing by participating in a 30-minute Q&A conducted entirely in Mandarin.::::::::Speaking to a group of students at China’s prestigious Tsinghua University, Zuckerberg opened his remarks by greeting everyone in Mandarin with “Dajia hao,” (“Hello everyone”). The audience exploded with claps and cheers even before he could finish.::::::::“My Chinese is very bad, but I’ll try to use Chinese today,” the 30-year-old billionaire said humbly.::::::::“Mark, everyone is very shocked that you can speak Chinese,” said the host, who introduced Zuckerberg in English. “Can you tell us why you wanted to learn Chinese?”::::::::Zuckerberg responded in a form familiar to many Chinese officials, who like to use “first, second and third” when talking to the public. “First, my wife is Chinese. Her family speaks Chinese and her grandma only speaks Chinese. I wanted to communicate with them,” he said. “When Priscilla and I decided to get married, I told her grandma our decision in Chinese. She was really shocked.”::::::::In 2010, Mark Zuckerberg announced on his Facebook page that learning Mandarin was his personal challenge for the year.::::::::Several news accounts at the time said he took morning lessons at his kitchen table with a tutor. Zuckerberg’s wife, Priscilla Chan, whom he met at Harvard and married in 2012, grew up in the United States as the daughter of immigrants and spoke Cantonese at home.::::::::Zuckerberg added that language is the best way to understand another culture and said he wants to know more about the Chinese culture. And he loves the challenge of learning a tongue as difficult as Mandarin, a tonal language.::::::::Though Zuckerberg struggled at times to find the precise words to express himself and frequently bungled his tones, he was able to get his points across to the audience, which cheered him repeatedly.::::::::He talked about Facebook’s plans to hire more students from China next year and said he had eaten dinner the night before with Lei Jun, chief executive of fast-growing Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi.::::::::When asked about what plans Facebook has in China, Zuckerberg said the company already has a presence in the country, focused on helping Chinese companies to grow in the international market through advertising on the social networking site. And he’s also looking to work with more Chinese cities to help them launch introductory pages on Facebook.::::::::But Zuckerberg didn’t touch the most sensitive and most pressing topic: Whether Facebook’s service would be available in China someday. Facebook has been blocked since July 2009, when a violent riot in western China’s Xinjiang province killed almost 200 people. China’s Communist Party authorities said rioters had used foreign social media websites like Facebook and Twitter to organize their attack; Twitter is also blocked in mainland China.::::::::As the role of Twitter, Facebook and other Western social media services in drawing together demonstrators during the Arab Spring became clear, Chinese authorities clamped down even harder on such services, tightening their grip on social media websites run by domestic companies including Sina and Tencent.::::::::In addition to machine-based censoring, such as blocking of keywords, thousands of human censors are deployed in China each day to filter and delete content deemed “dangerous or harmful” on Chinese social media services like Weibo and WeChat. During the recent pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong, the Chinese government blocked Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook that had been available here.::::::::Although Zuckerberg was not pressed Wednesday for details on whether the Facebook block may ever be lifted, his visit to China is just the latest sign that the company is working toward bolstering its presence in the Chinese market and finding new opportunities here.::::::::In July, Bloomberg News reported that Facebook signed a three-year lease last spring to rent more than 8,600 square feet of office space in Beijing’s central business district. This week, Zuckerberg was named a board member of China’s top business school, Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management, where he was invited to attend the Q&A session Wednesday.::::::::Zuckerberg joined the board along with IBM Chief Executive Virginia Rometty and Carlos Brito, chief executive of Anheuser-Busch InBev. Given that the business school board has extensive connections to China’s central government and serves as a network and meeting ground for influential policymakers and international businesspeople, Zuckerberg may find the gig useful for finding new avenues to discuss his company’s access to the Chinese market.::::::::As of September, the number of Internet users in China has topped 1 billion, government data showed, and 870 million access the Web on mobile devices. Major American technology companies like Facebook and Apple are desperately trying to strengthen their foothold in the massive market.::::::::Zuckerberg’s visit to the Middle Kingdom this week coincides with a China “road trip” by Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook. He met with Chinese deputy prime minister Ma Kai on Wednesday in Beijing at the Zhongnanhai government headquarters compound. Among the topics the two covered was user data security, the official New China News Agency reported.::::::::Cook’s visit came in a week when Chinese users of Apple’s iCloud service reportedly faced man-in-the-middle attacks through a fake certificate. Technical analysis by Internet security experts suggested the attack originated from China.::::::::Video clips of Zuckerberg’s talk made big headlines in China and circulated widely on services like WeChat. But China’s witty Internet users expressed some frustration over all the ballyhoo over Zuckerberg – given that Facebook remains essentially invisible to anyone in mainland China who doesn’t use VPN software to scale the country’s so-called Great Firewall.	
http://www.voanews.com/content/canada-parliament-shooting-terrorist-attack/2493355.html	Canada 'Will Never Be Intimidated' by Terrorists	Voice of America	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 04:01:29 -0700	Voa News	canada;never be intimidated;terrorists	Canada's prime minister says that his country "will never be intimidated" following attacks this week in Ottawa and near Montreal that have killed two soldiers. In a televised address Wednesday evening, Prime Minister Stephen Harper said the attacks are ...	Canada's prime minister says that his country "will never be intimidated" following attacks this week in Ottawa and near Montreal that have killed two soldiers.::::::::In a televised address Wednesday evening, Prime Minister Stephen Harper said the attacks are reminders that Canada is not immune to terrorism and vowed to "redouble" efforts to identify and counter threats.::::::::Harper spoke hours after a gunman fatally shot Corporal Nathan Cirillo as the soldier guarded the National War Memorial in Ottawa.::::::::Witnesses said the shooter appeared to raise his arms in triumph before entering Canada's parliament building nearby and firing more rounds. Lawmakers barricaded themselves in offices while outside, the city streets came to a standstill.::::::::Little is known about the assailant, identified as ex-convict Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, who was fatally shot inside parliament by Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers.::::::::According to those present, many fled the complex by scrambling down scaffolding erected for renovations, while others took cover inside and barricaded doors with chairs as police with rifles and body armor took up positions outside and cordoned off the normally bustling streets around Parliament.::::::::Police and witnesses, including parliament members, said they heard about 10 shots before the police moved in.::::::::"I literally, I was just taking off my jacket to go into caucus. I hear this pop, pop, pop. Possibly 10 shots, don't really know. Thought it was dynamite or construction rather than anything else," said John McKay, a Liberal MP.::::::::Shots also were fired at a shopping mall near the parliament.::::::::All three shooting sites - the war memorial, the parliament and the mall - are less than a kilometer from each other.::::::::On Twitter, Canada's justice minister and other government officials credited Vickers, 58, with shooting the attacker just outside the lawmakers' caucus rooms.::::::::Vickers serves a largely ceremonial role at the House of Commons, carrying a scepter and wearing rich green robes, white gloves and a tall imperial hat.::::::::Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird, in a telephone conversation with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, appeared to link the attack to Canada's participation in the U.S.-led air campaign against the Islamic State group.::::::::Earlier this week, a man whom the prime minister described as a Muslim convert who had been "radicalized" drove a car into two Canadian soldiers in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, about 40 kilometers southeast of Montreal, killing one.::::::::President Barack Obama spoke by phone with Prime Minister Harper after Wednesday's attacks and said it was important for U.S. and Canadian counterterrorism authorities to continue working in sync.::::::::Obama condemned the attacks on Canadian forces, and offered any U.S. assistance Canada needs in responding to the situation to the prime minister.::::::::Obama said the U.S. is monitoring the Canadian situation and will do everything it can to protect the American people.::::::::The United States has boosted security at its embassy in Canada. The State Department said all embassy employees have been accounted for.::::::::"We are currently restricting the movement of embassy personnel, as a cautionary measure," said Marie Harf, State Department deputy spokesperson.::::::::Canadian authorities have yet to determine the motive for the Wednesday shooting, which came as Canadian warplanes prepared to join the U.S.-led operation bombarding Islamist militants in Iraq.	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-mideast-crisis-syria-deaths-idUSKCN0IC0IG20141023	U.S.-led air strikes killed 521 fighters, 32 civilians in Syria: monitor	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 04:05:00 -0700		u.s.-led;air strikes;syria	BEIRUT (Reuters) - Air strikes by U.S.-led forces have killed 521 Islamist fighters and 32 civilians during a month-long campaign in Syria, a monitoring group which tracks the violence said on Thursday. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights ...	Smoke and flames rise over Syrian town of Kobani after an airstrike, as seen from the Mursitpinar border crossing on the Turkish-Syrian border in the southeastern town of Suruc in Sanliurfa province, October 18, 2014.::::::::The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the vast majority of the deaths, 464, were militants from Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot which has grabbed large areas of Syria and neighboring Iraq.::::::::The attacks also killed 57 members of the al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front, the Observatory said. Six of the civilians were children and five were women, it added.::::::::The United States has been carrying out strikes in Iraq against Islamic State since July and in Syria since September with the help of Arab allies. Britain and France have also struck Islamic State targets in Iraq.::::::::Washington justified its action in Syria under Article 51 of the U.N. Charter, which covers an individual or collective right to self-defense against armed attack.::::::::U.S. Central Command spokesman Colonel Patrick Ryder said on Saturday that Washington took "reports of civilian casualties or damage to civilian facilities seriously and we have a process to investigate each allegation."::::::::Close to 200,000 people have been killed in Syria's three-year civil war, according to the United Nations.::::::::Coalition strikes have hit the Syrian provinces of Aleppo, Deir al-Zor, Idlib, Raqqa and al-Hassakah, the Observatory said.	
http://www.latinospost.com/articles/39784/20141023/ebola-virus-disease-watchlist-death-toll-cases-5-000-dead.htm	Ebola Virus Disease Watchlist, Death Toll & Cases in the US	Latinos Post	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 04:06:26 -0700	Latinos Post	ebola virus disease watchlist;death;cases	The World Health Organization (WHO) bared on Wednesday that almost 5,000 people have already died because of Ebola virus and that more than 9,000 cases have been recorded so far. Reuters said that while the death toll from the "world's worst recorded ...	The World Health Organization (WHO) bared on Wednesday that almost 5,000 people have already died because of Ebola virus and that more than 9,000 cases have been recorded so far.::::::::Reuters said that while the death toll from the "world's worst recorded Ebola outbreak" stands at 4,877, the true count "may be three times as much." A total of 9,936 cases have been recorded as of October 19, latest data released by the organization showed.::::::::Like Us on Facebook::::::::The WHO was quoted in the report that the number of cases are seen to be much higher than what has been given -- "by a factor of 1.5 in Guinea, 2 in Sierra Leone and 2.5 in Liberia." Meanwhile, the death rate is seen to be around 70 percent of all cases, suggesting a toll of nearly 15,000, the report noted.::::::::Three West African countries have the most number of deaths and cases. According to the updated date provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, a total of 904 deaths were recorded in Guinea alone. A total of 2,705 deaths were recorded in Liberia while 1,259 in Sierra Leone.::::::::Liberia also has the most number of cases totaling to 4,665. It was followed by Sierra Leone with 3,706 cases and by Guinea with 1,540 cases, CDC website showed.::::::::The data also showed that eight people died of the disease in Nigeria and one was recorded in the US. One confirmed case of Ebola was also recorded in Spain.::::::::Lately, the cities of Monrovia and Freetown showed the "most intense" disease transmission, Reuters said. At least 18 confirmed cases, on the other hand, were reported in Conakry in Guinea, where the outbreak originated, it added.::::::::Reuters said that while countries such as Nigeria and Senegal have already been declared Ebola-free, the Ivory Coast and Guinea's Kankan district are being threatened as the disease continues to spread toward these areas. The first Ebola case was recorded in Kankan this week. A drop in the number of cases, on the other hand, was reported in the Liberian district of Lofa due to disease control measures, Reuters said.::::::::More than 440 of the thousands of Ebola cases are health care workers, more than half of them have already died, Reuters said.::::::::The WHO was cited in the Reuters report saying that it is now pursuing investigations to find out why many have contracted the disease.::::::::Meanwhile, the Associated Press reported that "dozens" in Sierra Leone have already recovered from the disease. At least 45 patients at the Hastings Treatment center near the city of Freetown have been released and were given health certificates indicating that they are already Ebola-free, the report said.::::::::A plan to stop the epidemic was made by the United Nations. It is known as the 70-70-60. These numbers mean that 70 percent of the cases must be isolated, and 70 percent of those who died from the disease must be safely buried by December 1. The 60 indicates the amount of days allotted to reach the given deadline. Reuters said that the plan aims to attain 100 percent by January 1.::::::::© 2014 Latinos Post. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.	
http://gulfnews.com/news/world/pakistan/gunmen-kill-eight-shiites-in-southwest-pakistan-1.1402905	Gunmen kill eight Shiites in southwest Pakistan	gulfnews.com	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 03:37:34 -0700		gunmen;shiites;pakistan	QUETTA: Gunmen opened fire on a bus carrying Shiite Muslims in the southwestern Pakistani city of Quetta on Thursday killing eight, police said, just days ahead of the month of Moharram. The attack took place at a fruit and vegetable market on the outskirts ...	QUETTA: Gunmen opened fire on a bus carrying Shiite Muslims in the southwestern Pakistani city of Quetta on Thursday killing eight, police said, just days ahead of the month of Moharram.::::::::The attack took place at a fruit and vegetable market on the outskirts of Quetta, capital of Pakistan’s restive Baluchistan province.::::::::“At least nine Hazara Shiites were sitting in a minibus after buying vegetables when two gunmen opened fire on them with automatic weapons, killing eight of them and wounding another one,” senior local police official Imran Qureshi told AFP.::::::::A rescue worker at the site said the blood-soaked dead bodies had fallen on top of each other, many struck by bullets to the head. They were later shifted to an area hospital.::::::::Moharram, considered particularly holy for Shiites, is due to begin on Saturday or Sunday depending on the sighting of the new moon.::::::::The month has frequently been marred by violence in recent years. Clashes between Sunnis and Shiites led to at least 11 deaths in the city of Rawalpindi, close to the capital Islamabad, last November.::::::::Ethnic Hazaras have taken the brunt of rising sectarian violence in Baluchistan in recent years. They are often singled out for attack because their Central Asian features make them easily identifiable.::::::::The independent Human Rights Commission of Pakistan said last week as many as 200,000 Hazaras had fled Baluchistan over the past 10 years, either relocating in the country’s major cities or seeking asylum abroad.::::::::At least 24 Hazara pilgrims were killed in June when their bus was targeted by suicide bombers.::::::::Two devastating bombings in Quetta targeting the city’s Shiites killed nearly 200 people last year and were claimed by militant group Lashkar-e-Jhangvi, which has links to Al-Qaeda.::::::::Hours after the attack on Shiites, another bomb targeted an FC convoy in Quetta, killing two passers-by and injuring 12 others.::::::::“This bomb was planted in a motorcycle parked on the Qambrani road. Two passers-by were killed as a result of this blast and 12 others were wounded,” Cheema said.::::::::Around 1,000 Shiites have been killed in the past two years in Pakistan, a heavy toll on the community that makes up roughly 20 per cent of the country’s 180 million-strong population, most of whom are Muslim.	
http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/modi-arrives-in-srinagar-to-spend-diwali-with-flood-victims/article6527806.ece	Modi arrives in Srinagar to spend Diwali with flood victims	The Hindu	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 03:52:48 -0700		modi;srinagar;diwali;flood victims	Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Srinagar on Thursday afternoon to meet victims of the recent floods in Jammu and Kashmir. A special plane carrying Mr. Modi landed at the technical area of Srinagar airport around 2.10 p.m.. Governor N.N. Vohra ...	Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah pitches for a liberal financial assistance from the Centre for rebuilding flood-hit areas.::::::::Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Thursday briefed Prime Minister Narendra Modi about the status of relief and rehabilitation operations in the flood-hit State and sought liberal financial assistance from the Centre to rebuild the devastated areas.::::::::The Prime Minister arrived in Srinagar on Thursday afternoon to spend Diwali with the flood-hit people of the Valley. He was received at the airport by Governor N.N. Vohra and the Chief Minister.::::::::The Prime Minister held a meeting at the airport which was attended by the Governor, the Chief Minister and some top officials of the State administration.::::::::During the meeting, Mr. Abdullah briefed the Prime Minister about the relief and rehabilitation operations going on in the flood-hit areas, officials said.::::::::They said Mr. Abdullah pitched for a liberal financial assistance from the Centre for rebuilding the devastated areas in the State, they said.::::::::This is Mr. Modi’s second visit to J&K after the recent floods. During his first visit on September 7, 2014 after the natural calamity struck the State, the Prime Minister had announced a Rs. 1,000-crore special assistance package for rehabilitation of the victims.::::::::Mr. Abdullah had on Wednesday expressed the hope the Prime Minister would accept the State government’s demand for a Rs. 44,000-crore package for relief to the flood-hit.::::::::After taking stock of the situation at the airport, Mr. Modi flew in a helicopter to Raj Bhavan to hold interactions with delegations of political parties, business community and civil society.::::::::Kashmir Chamber of Commerce and Industry, which a constituent of State Economic Reconstruction Forum (SERF), claimed that their representatives were dropped from the list of persons scheduled to meet the Prime MInister.::::::::“Apparently some mischief has been played which will send wrong signals to the business community,” a KCCI member said.::::::::He said KCCI was informed by the State administration that the names of chamber representatives were recommended for the meeting but were dropped by the Prime Minister’s Office.::::::::Earlier, the Prime MInister visited Siachen Glacier, the highest battlefield of the world, to spend Diwali with the soldiers posted there.::::::::Meanwhile, flood victims from some parts of the city on Thursday demanded a meeting with Mr. Modi.::::::::A group of flood victims from Boatmen Colony in Bemina area of the city arrived at the Raj Bhawan gate seeking a meeting with the Prime Minister, officials said.::::::::However, they were stopped at the gate by the security officials as they were not among the list of persons invited for the meetings with the Prime Minister, the officials said.	
http://www.bostonglobe.com/news/nation/2014/10/22/four-blackwater-guards-found-guilty-iraq-shootings-unarmed-civilians/vKyWqRNygeRJanptBnVuON/story.html	Four Blackwater guards found guilty in 2007 Iraq shootings of 31 unarmed civilians	Boston Globe	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 00:11:31 -0700		blackwater;iraq;unarmed civilians	WASHINGTON — A federal jury on Wednesday convicted four Blackwater Worldwide guards in the fatal shooting of 14 unarmed Iraqis, seven years after the American security contractors fired machine guns and grenades into a Baghdad traffic circle in one of ...	An Iraqi traffic police officer inspected a car destroyed by the Blackwater security detail in Nisour Square in Baghdad.::::::::WASHINGTON — A federal jury on Wednesday convicted four Blackwater Worldwide guards in the fatal shooting of 14 unarmed Iraqis, seven years after the American security contractors fired machine guns and grenades into a Baghdad traffic circle in one of the most ignominious chapters of the Iraq war.::::::::The guilty verdicts on murder, manslaughter, and gun charges marked a sweeping victory for prosecutors, who argued in an 11-week trial that the defendants fired recklessly and out of control in a botched security operation after one of them falsely claimed to believe the driver of an approaching vehicle was a car bomber. Jurors rejected the guards’ claims that they were acting in self-defense and were the target of incoming AK-47 gunfire.::::::::Overall, the defendants were charged with the deaths of 14 Iraqis and the wounding of 17 others at Baghdad’s Nisour Square shortly after noon on Sept. 16, 2007. None of the victims was an insurgent.::::::::‘‘This verdict is a resounding affirmation of the commitment of the American people to the rule of law, even in times of war,’’ said Ronald Machen Jr., US attorney for the District of Columbia, whose office prosecuted the case. ‘‘I pray that this verdict will bring some sense of comfort to the survivors of that massacre.’’::::::::Defense attorneys appeared stunned and said they would appeal. David Schertler, an attorney for Dustin Heard, called the result ‘‘incomprehensible.’’::::::::‘‘The verdict is wrong,’’ Schertler said. ‘‘We’re devastated. We’re going to fight this every step of the way.’’::::::::The jury of eight women and four men deliberated 28 days before convicting Nicholas Slatten, 30, of Sparta, Tenn., of murder. Also convicted were Paul Slough, 35, of Keller, Texas, of 13 counts of manslaughter and 17 counts of attempted manslaughter; Evan Liberty, 32, of Rochester, N.H., of eight counts of manslaughter and 12 counts of attempted manslaughter; and Heard, 33, of Knoxville, Tenn., of six counts of manslaughter and 11 counts of attempted manslaughter.::::::::Jurors also convicted Slough, Liberty, and Heard of using military firearms while committing a felony. Prosecutors dropped three counts against Heard after jurors deadlocked on them.::::::::Slatten faces a mandatory sentence of life in prison for murder. The other three — who, like Slatten, are military veterans — face a mandatory minimum sentence of 30 years in prison.::::::::US District Judge Royce Lamberth ordered the men held pending sentencing. Jurors declined to comment.::::::::The outcome capped a difficult, yearslong quest by prosecutors to bring the case to trial and a milestone in the government’s efforts to monitor security contractors’ conduct on the battlefield.::::::::The contractor shootings and the American government’s refusal to allow the men to be tried in Iraq sent relations between the two countries into a crisis, and the Blackwater name became shorthand for unaccountable US power.::::::::In Congress, lawmakers denounced the Blackwater shootings as recently as this summer, but legislation that would provide clearer jurisdiction to prosecute criminal wrongdoing overseas by private contractors has languished for years.::::::::The author of the proposed change, Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Patrick Leahy, a Vermont Democrat, applauded the verdict but added, ‘‘It should not have taken this long for justice to be served. . . . Ensuring that our government has the ability to hold government contractors accountable should be a bipartisan issue, and I hope senators of both parties will work together to pass this important reform.’’::::::::Prosecutors called 71 witnesses to four for the defense, including victims, surviving relatives, and nine fellow Blackwater guards. The 30 Iraqis who testified represented the largest number of foreign witnesses to travel to the United States for a criminal trial, prosecutors said.::::::::At the time of the shootings, the defendants were among 19 Blackwater guards providing security for State Department officials in Iraq. Their convoy, called Raven 23, was clearing a path back to the nearby Green Zone for another Blackwater team evacuating a US official from a nearby car bombing.::::::::Defendants’ attorneys said their clients acted reasonably at a time when the Iraqi capital was the scene of ‘‘horrific threats’’ from car bombs, ambushes, and attacks, sometimes aided by Iraqi security forces infiltrated by guerrillas.::::::::During the trial, under cross-examination, some ex-Blackwater employees differed over whether Slatten or others fired the first shots, and some agreed that they heard incoming AK-47 fire.	
http://democratherald.com/news/national/early-apple-computer-sells-for-at-auction/article_3be600f0-b8bb-5048-8958-a6509202d1d7.html	Early Apple computer sells for $905,000 at auction	Albany Democrat Herald	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 20:03:51 -0700		early apple	NEW YORK (AP) — A vintage Apple computer that was one of only 50 made in Steve Jobs' garage in 1976 sold for $905,000 at auction on Wednesday, far exceeding pre-sale estimates and outdoing a previous high price of more than $671,000 paid in ...	NEW YORK (AP) — A vintage Apple computer that was one of only 50 made in Steve Jobs' garage in 1976 sold for $905,000 at auction on Wednesday, far exceeding pre-sale estimates and outdoing a previous high price of more than $671,000 paid in Germany last year.::::::::Bonhams auction house said Wednesday's winning bid, which includes its premium, came from The Henry Ford museum.::::::::The computer, which had been estimated to sell for $300,000 to $500,000, has an intact motherboard and a vintage keyboard and monitor. It also has a power supply contained in a wooden box and two tape decks, Bonhams said.::::::::"The provenance on the Apple-1 is excellent and the condition is outstanding, so it was not surprising that it did so well," the auction house's specialist for the sale, Cassandra Hatton, said in a statement. "We are thrilled to have broken the world record for its sale, and are even more thrilled that it is going to a wonderful new home at the Henry Ford Museum."::::::::An Apple-1 computer sold last year in Cologne, Germany, for $671,400. Apple, the maker of iPads, iPhones and iMac computers, is based in Cupertino, California.::::::::The auction was Bonhams' first in New York City of items connected to science and technology. Other lots included a letter by Charles Darwin to a colleague about the sex life of barnacles and the earliest electrical keyboard, a Helmholtz sound synthesizer from 1905. There were a number of globes, books and other documents and a telescope from 1870. There also was a framed painted portrait of Bill Gates.::::::::In the letter, which sold for $25,000, Darwin says he wants to learn more about the sex act of barnacles, such things as "were the specimens under water at times" and "if the recipient was in full vigor?"	
http://www.orangeville.com/whatson-story/4939221-billy-bob-thornton-angelina-thought-blood-gesture-was-romantic/	Angelina thought blood gesture was romantic	Orangeville Banner	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 04:04:25 -0700	Orangeville Dailies;Brampton Guardian	angelina;blood gesture	Angelina Jolie thought it was "romantic" to wear Billy Bob Thornton's blood around her neck. The 'Maleficent' actress and her ex-husband - who she married in 2000 and split from two years later - famously wore the vials of fluid during their relationship and the ...	Angelina Jolie thought it was "romantic" to wear Billy Bob Thornton's blood around her neck.:::::::: The 'Maleficent' actress and her ex-husband - who she married in 2000 and split from two years later - famously wore the vials of fluid during their relationship and the 'Fargo' star insists it was his former spouse's idea to cut their fingers to get the blood and wear them to feel closer to one another when they were working apart.:::::::: Speaking to students at Loyola Marymount University's School of Film & Television, he said: "A vial of blood is very simple. Angie came home one day with a kit she bought.:::::::: "You know those lockets you buy that are clear and you put a picture of your granny in it or something like that and wear it around your neck? That's what it was. She bought two of those. We were apart a lot because she's off making 'Tomb Raider' and I'm making 'Monster's Ball.' We were on opposite ends - we see each other for two weeks and whatever.:::::::: "She thought it would be interesting and romantic if we took a little razorblade and sliced our fingers, smeared a little blood on these lockets and you wear it around your neck just like you wear your son or daughter's baby hair in one. Same thing.":::::::: The 59-year-old star joked the gesture was then exaggerated in reports.:::::::: He said: "From that, we were wearing quart jars of blood around our necks.:::::::: "And we were vampires and we lived in a dungeon.":::::::: The five-times married star insisted he prefers to be upfront about his past and thinks he is unusual in that respect.:::::::: He said: "I think it's your duty to kind of tell people the truth about this stuff and the truth is not encouraged anymore."	
http://abcnews.go.com/International/questions-linger-ottawa-shooting-rampage/story?id%3D26395060	ABC News: Breaking News & Latest News	ABC News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 04:37:38 -0700	Abc News	abc;breaking;latest	Authorities in Canada are trying to understand what motivated a gunman to kill a soldier in the country's capital Wednesday, with Prime Minister Stephen Harper calling the shooting the country's second “terrorist” attack this week. "We will not be intimidated.	The page you've requested either does not exist or is currently unavailable.::::::::You may use the "Back" button on your browser to return to the previous page, visit the ABCNews.com Home Page, or view the Site Map. You can also search our site by using the search form below.::::::::If you require further assistance, please contact us.	
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/white-house-fence-jumper-caught-k-9-units-article-1.1983964	White House intruder Dominic Adesanya scales fence, caught by K-9 units after kicking dog	New York Daily News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:00:47 -0700	Leslie Larson;Bill Hutchinson	white house intruder;dominic adesanya;scales fence;k-9	An intruder scaled the White House fence Wednesday but was quickly pounced on by guard dogs in the latest scare since an armed man made into the executive mansion last month. Secret Service officials said Dominic Adesanya, 23, of Bel Air, Maryland, ...	An intruder scaled the White House fence Wednesday, but was quickly pounced on by guard dogs in the latest scare since an armed man made it into the executive mansion last month.::::::::Secret Service officials said Dominic Adesanya, 23, of Bel Air, Md., climbed over the fence near the North Lawn of the White House at 7:16 p.m., but was quickly subdued by K-9 units.::::::::Adesanya kicked one of the dogs, but a second one stopped him and Secret Service agents tackled him, officials said.::::::::Adesanya's father told the local press that his son is dealing with mental illness issues. He said the 23-year-old suffers from paranoia and has complained of hearing voices.::::::::“We wanted to get him help, and we’ve been asking the government to give him help and nobody has wanted to help us get help for him,” the man, who didn't want to be identified, told WMAR-TV.::::::::According to his father, Adesanya was arrested at the White House two months ago after he argued with security guards who wouldn't allow him to enter. He was charged with a misdemeanor.::::::::Adesanya had previously attended Stevenson University, but is no longer a student at the Maryland school. On his LinkedIn profile he lists his job title as "American Slave."::::::::Video footage released Wednesday night showed the man in white shorts and a dark shirt kicking and punching one of the dogs before agents arrested him.::::::::The White House was put on lockdown. The incident occurred shortly after President Obama met with senior advisers in the Oval Office.::::::::“The individual was immediately taken into custody on the North Lawn of the White House by Secret Service Uniformed Division K-9 teams and Uniformed Division Officers,” the Secret Service spokesman said.::::::::Adesanya was taken to a local hospital for evaluation, the spokesman said.::::::::The Washington Times reported that two Secret Service dogs were injured in the incident and were taken to a veterinarian for treatment.::::::::The security breach comes as Omar Gonzalez, 42, a retired U.S. soldier who served in Iraq, scaled the fence on Sept. 19, entered the White House through an unlocked door and made it to the East Room before Secret Service agents tackled him. Officials said Gonzalez was armed with a serrated knife at the time.::::::::The incident came after several security breaches at the White House and prompted the resignation of Secret Service Director Julia Pierson.::::::::ON A MOBILE DEVICE? CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE VIDEO OF THE JUMPER REPORTEDLY KICKING ONE OF THE DOGS.	
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-10-23/ottawa-attack-adds-fuel-to-canada-s-middle-east-debate.html	Ottawa Attack Adds Fuel to Canada’s Middle East Debate	Bloomberg	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 18:48:18 -0700	Matthew Campbell	ottawa attack adds fuel;canada’s	The attack at Canada's Parliament may add fuel to a more than decade-long debate over the country's participation in U.S.-led military operations in the Middle East that has divided political parties and public opinion. The shootings at the national war ...	The attack at Canada’s Parliament may add fuel to a more than decade-long debate over the country’s participation in U.S.-led military operations in the Middle East that has divided political parties and public opinion.::::::::The shootings at the national war memorial and nearby legislative buildings yesterday were the second attack on people associated with the Canadian military in a few days. On Oct. 20, a man who authorities said had become “radicalized” rammed his car into two off-duty soldiers in Saint-Jean-Sur-Richelieu, outside Montreal, killing one, before he was shot dead by police.::::::::The violence comes as Canada ramps up contributions to the U.S.-led effort to uproot Islamic State militants from their strongholds in Iraq and Syria. Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s government has committed fighter-bombers, surveillance planes and special-forces advisers to the campaign -- a contribution opposed by Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau, who leads in opinion polls ahead of next year’s federal election. Canadian CF-18 fighter jets left an Alberta military base Oct. 21 to take part in the mission.::::::::“Some aspects of Canadian foreign policy, such as our Iraq deployment, likely contributed to the Saint-Jean incident and may well have contributed to the events in Ottawa,” said Rex Brynen, a professor of political science at Montreal’s McGill University who focuses on Middle East politics and regional security. “I would be 100 percent certain that the government’s own risk assessment said that this was going to make us more of a target. That was simply part of the price for doing business.”::::::::Portions of the Canadian public and politicians have long been skeptical of joining some U.S. military operations, despite the country’s status as a founding member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. After a lengthy debate, former Prime Minister Jean Chretien decided against committing troops to the 2003 invasion of Iraq, although his Liberal government later ramped up Canada’s presence in Afghanistan. At that operation’s peak, it included just less than 3,000 personnel who oversaw security in the volatile Kandahar province -- and 158 soldiers died.::::::::The New Democratic Party, which currently has the largest parliamentary representation after the ruling Conservatives, called for a full withdrawal from Afghanistan in 2011, and also opposed this month’s Iraq deployment. A party activist who was the NDP’s candidate in a recent by-election in downtown Toronto, Linda McQuaig, said in a blog post during the Afghan campaign that its consequences might be borne by “Canadian civilians riding the subway to work.”::::::::ISIL has made clear that it considers Canada an enemy due to its participation in military operations. In September, an Islamic State spokesman urged followers to attack Canadians, along with Australians, Americans and citizens of other countries that have contributed to the campaign in Iraq.::::::::Canada’s security bodies have said they have a good handle on the risks of attacks by Islamic State militants or others inspired by their activities and propaganda. This month, Michel Coulombe, who heads the country’s main spy agency, said authorities were aware of more than 100 Canadians who had traveled abroad to support terror groups, and a further 80 who had done so and returned home. Coulombe told lawmakers the agency was aware of their locations, and had no information about imminent attacks within Canada.::::::::Despite the possibility of terror groups’ targeting Canada, a majority of citizens support Harper’s decision to join the fight against Islamic State, according to opinion polls. An Ipsos-Reid poll for Global News published earlier this month found 64 percent of respondents supported sending Canadian jets to participate in air strikes -- a proportion greater than that supporting the Afghan mission, according to the pollster. The online poll surveyed 1,003 Canadians from Sept. 30 to Oct. 1, with a margin of error of 3.5 percentage points.::::::::Canada has a long history of vigorous debate over foreign military engagements.::::::::Tensions between English- and French-speaking Canadians over supporting the U.K. in the First and Second World Wars erupted into two so-called conscription crises, in 1917 and 1944, in both cases leading to riots. Later, Canada opted to sit out the war in Vietnam under then Liberal Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau.::::::::Nonetheless, attacks at home motivated by extremist ideologies abroad would represent a first for Canada. No Islamic militant group has ever carried out a successful attack on Canadian soil, and security agencies have foiled a number of previous plots -- notably the so-called Toronto 18 plot to bomb the city’s stock exchange and other major buildings in 2006.::::::::While attacks will always be a risk, very few Canadians are susceptible to extremist messages, said Wesley Wark, a visiting professor and expert on terrorism at the University of Ottawa.::::::::“It’s impossible to prevent a handful of people being self radicalized or radicalized over the Internet, or radicalized as a result of watching the kind of slick media productions that organizations like ISIL can now produce,” Wark said. “But there’s no trend of this, there’s no traction in Canadian society.”::::::::To contact the reporter on this story: Matthew Campbell in London at mcampbell39@bloomberg.net::::::::To contact the editors responsible for this story: Katherine Snyder at ksnyder@bloomberg.net Steven Frank, Paul Badertscher	
http://online.wsj.com/articles/north-korean-detainee-jeffrey-fowle-reunited-with-family-in-ohio-1413985976	American Freed by North Korea Reunites with Family	Wall Street Journal	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 06:53:18 -0700	Felicia Schwartz;Felicia Schwartz Wsj Com	freed;korea reunites	Jeffrey Fowle is greeted by family members on his arrival at Wright-Patterson Airforce Base on Wednesday morning in Dayton, Ohio. David Kohl/Associated Press. WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, Ohio—An Ohio man detained for nearly half a year ...	WASHINGTON—An American man freed by North Korea after several months in detention has returned home to Ohio to a reunion with his family.::::::::Jeffrey Fowle, 56, traveling on a military plane, landed at 6:45 a.m. at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio, said Laura McGowan, a spokeswoman for the base. Mr. Fowle was greeted by his family when he landed, officials said.::::::::Mr. Fowle’s three children didn’t know why they were headed to the Air Force Base early on a dark, cold and overcast morning, along with their mother, uncle, other relatives and friends. Soon, however, they saw their father standing in the door of the military aircraft, Col. John Devillier, the base commander, said in an interview.::::::::“When they saw him in the doorway of the aircraft, they were like, ‘Oh my god, it’s Dad.’ They were hesitant when he came down the stairs and weren’t sure what to do—I just kind of leaned over to them and said ‘Go see your dad,’ and they took off,” Col. Devillier said. He added that Mr. Fowle’s children were the first to greet him and that they had a tearful reunion with their father.::::::::The mood was “very joyous,” Col. Devillier said. “There were tears of happiness.”::::::::The State Department announced Tuesday that Mr. Fowle had been released from North Korean custody. He was arrested earlier this year in North Korea after leaving behind a Bible while on a group tour.::::::::North Korea made its first statement about Mr. Fowle’s release late Wednesday local time, attributing the move to its leader, Kim Jong Un. The Korean Central News Agency said Mr. Kim made the decision to release Mr. Fowle “taking into consideration the repeated requests of U.S. President Obama.”::::::::U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said there was no “quid pro quo” with North Korea to secure Mr. Fowle’s release.::::::::As a condition of his release, the Defense Department sent a plane to Pyongyang to pick Mr. Fowle up, in a time frame specified by the North Korean government. The U.S. doesn’t have diplomatic relations with North Korea and has been working through the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang to secure Mr. Fowle’s release and that of two other Americans. Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller remain in North Korean custody, and both were sentenced to hard labor.::::::::In a statement released by Mr. Fowle’s lawyer, Tim Tepe, the Fowle family thanked “the State Department, the embassy of Sweden, former ambassador Tony Hall and many others.”::::::::The family’s statement said they were “overjoyed by Jeff’s return,” but “mindful that Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller continue to be detained in the DPRK, and understand the disappointment their families are experiencing today that their loved ones did not return home with Jeff.”::::::::Mr. Fowle is in good health, the statement said, and was treated well by the North Korean government. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said Mr. Fowle was checked by a doctor.::::::::Mr. Fowle, from Miamisburg, Ohio, worked in nearby Moraine on road maintenance projects until his employment was terminated last month, according to David Hicks, Moraine’s city manager. Mr. Hicks said the job almost certainly will be reinstated.::::::::The city was preparing to pay Mr. Fowle’s family approximately $70,000 in accrued severance benefits when he was released by North Korea, but which was never finally paid out.	
http://theweek.com/article/index/270386/michael-brown-autopsy-suggests-he-was-shot-at-close-range	Michael Brown autopsy suggests he was shot at close range	The Week Magazine	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 07:15:47 -0700	Jon Terbush	michael brown;autopsy suggests	Michael Brown, the black teenager who was shot to death by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, was shot in the hand at close range, according to a copy of the official autopsy obtained by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Ferguson police claimed Brown ...	Speed Reads is TheWeek.com's continuously updated collection of the most interesting, important, and trending things on the internet – delivered with concision, intelligence, and wit. Contact us at speedreads@theweek.com.	
http://newsok.com/renee-zellweger-speaks-out-im-glad-folks-think-i-look-different/article/5359154	Renee Zellweger Speaks Out: 'I'm Glad Folks Think I Look Different'	NewsOK.com	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 04:08:14 -0700		renee zellweger speaks;'i 'm;glad folks think;different	Renee Zellweger is speaking out in light of the barrage of attention her new look has received after she stepped out at the 21st annual Elle Women In Hollywood Awards on Monday night. Photo - BEVERLY HILLS, CA - OCTOBER 20: Actress Renee ...	Renee Zellweger is speaking out in light of the barrage of attention her new look has received after she stepped out at the 21st annual Elle Women In Hollywood Awards on Monday night.	
http://www.latinospost.com/articles/39765/20141023/apple-computer-made-steve-jobs-garage-1976-sold-905-000.htm	Apple Computer Made at Steve Job's Garage in 1976 Sold For $905,000	Latinos Post	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 03:06:16 -0700	Latinos Post	apple computer made;steve job;garage;sold	Do you want to own a vintage Apple computer and be part of its history and legacy? Then, you really need to start saving now. According to a news report published by the Associated Press, a vintage Apple computer -- "one of the 50 computers made by Apple ...	Do you want to own a vintage Apple computer and be part of its history and legacy? Then, you really need to start saving now.::::::::According to a news report published by the Associated Press, a vintage Apple computer -- "one of the 50 computers made by Apple founder and big boss Steve Jobs in his garage in 1976" -- has been sold at an auction for $905,000 on Wednesday.::::::::Like Us on Facebook::::::::The report also noted that it even surpassed earlier estimates and successfully went beyond more than $671,000, the amount that was paid in Germany last year.::::::::A separate report published by Time magazine said that the vintage Apple 1, considered as "one of Apple's first-ever computers," was expected to be sold for at least $300,000.::::::::Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak personally designed the Apple 1 in 1975, Time reported. That year, Wozniak, as quoted in the Time report, said that it was the "first time" that somebody typed using a keyboard while seeing it on the computer's screen.::::::::Time described the auctioned Apple 1 as a "computing relic" that has its own keyboard and monitor. As of last month, it still works. The auctioned Apple 1, Time revealed is just one of the 63 listed "surviving authentic Apple 1." This is out of the 200 Apple 1's that were made.::::::::Auction house Bonhams was cited in separate reports published by AP and Reuters saying that the winning bidder was The Henry Ford museum. Reuters said that the museum is planning to display the computer in its museum in Dearborn, Michigan.::::::::Patricia Mooradian, Henry Ford president, said in the Reuters report why they pursued buying the Apple 1. She said that it was not only Apple's "innovativeness" that pushed them but it is the idea that that particular device is considered as "a key artifact in the foundation of the digital revolution."::::::::Meanwhile, Bonhams auction house specialist Cassandra Hatton, said that it "was not surprising" that the auction went well as "the provenance on the Apple-1 is excellent"  and its "condition is outstanding," as reported by AP.::::::::She also said in a statement cited by AP that they are "thrilled" to break the world record for its sale. She also said that they are "even more thrilled" knowing that the Apple 1 is now going to a "wonderful new home," pertaining to the Henry Ford Museum.::::::::In 2012, another working Apple 1 was auctioned, a separate Reuters report said. It was sold for $374,500.::::::::Other products that were auctioned were Charles Darwin's letter to a colleague, a vintage electrical keyboard, a 1905 Helmholtz sound synthesizer, among others, AP said.::::::::© 2014 Latinos Post. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.	
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2804303/Mexico-Mayor-linked-deadly-attack-students.html	Mexican mayor and his wife accused of being behind disappearance of missing 43 students	Daily Mail	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 02:45:37 -0700	Darren Boyle For Mailonline	mexican mayor	A Mexican mayor and his wife have been accused of being involved in the disappearance of 43 students who are believed to have been abducted by a drugs cartel. Jose Luis Abarca, who is mayor of Iguala and his wife Maria de los Angeles Pineda Villa are ...	A Mexican mayor and his wife have been accused of being involved in the disappearance of 43 students who are believed to have been abducted by a drugs cartel.::::::::Jose Luis Abarca, who is mayor of Iguala and his wife Maria de los Angeles Pineda Villa are both accused of having strong links with the Guerreros Unidos cartel.::::::::Arbarca ordered the arrest of the 43 students who were protesting against the drugs gang on September 26, who were then handed over to the cartel.::::::::The cartel is understood to have paid Arbarca a monthly retainer of up to $220,000 and effectively ran the city which is in the Guerrero state.::::::::Since the abductions, protests in the city have become increasingly violent with the burning of Iguala's city hall. The protests have prompted Mexican authorities to act and find the missing students.::::::::Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam said on Wednesday that investigators had found a total of nine mass graves containing 30 sets of human remains during the hunt for the missing students. He said officials were waiting for a second round of DNA tests, after a first round determined they weren't the bodies of the students.::::::::While the students remain missing, Murillo Karam said the arrests of Iguala police officers and the leader of the Guerreros Unidos gang, Sidronio Casarrubias, had provided more evidence about the events leading up to their disappearance.::::::::Murillo Karam said the students, who attended a radical rural teachers college, had gained the enmity of Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca because of a previous demonstration in the city. He said Abarca ordered police to detain students who hijacked four buses because the mayor thought they were going to try to disrupt a speech by his wife, Maria de los Angeles Pineda.::::::::Abarca, his wife and the Iguala police chief are all fugitives. A total of 52 people, including police officers, Iguala officials and gang members, have been arrested in the case.::::::::Authorities had previously reported that the mayor's wife, Pineda, had family ties to Guerreros Unidos. But Murillo Karam said it was much more than that, reporting that Casarrubias, the arrested drug gang leader, said she was 'the main operator of criminal activities' in Iguala. Casarrubias also said the mayor had gotten payments of 2 million to 3 million pesos ($150,000-$220,000) every few weeks, as a bribe and to pay off his corrupt police force.::::::::After Iguala police picked up the students, Murillo Karam said, the youths were taken to a police station and then to the nearby town of Cocula. At some point they were loaded aboard a dump truck and taken — apparently still alive — to an area on the outskirts of Iguala where the mass graves have been found, he said.::::::::At that point, Casarrubias told authorities, one of his lieutenants told him the students were members or sympathizers of a rival gang, the attorney general said.::::::::Guerreros Unidos had sufficient money to bribe the mayor and local police force because they have increasingly turned to the lucrative practice of growing opium poppies and sending opium paste to be refined for heroin destined for the U.S. market, according to a Mexican official.::::::::The official said Guerreros Unidos started turning more to opium after income from marijuana trafficking dropped, apparently because of legalisation of the drug in some U.S. states.::::::::After paying local farmers to grow opium poppies in the rough mountains around Iguala, the gang warehoused and shipped the opium out to other regions to be refined, the official said.::::::::He said: 'They stockpiled the paste; they sell it to other criminal organisations.'::::::::Meanwhile, Mexican security forces have arrested the wife of one of the country's most wanted drug cartel bosses, Servando Gomez, authorities in the violent western state of Michoacan said on Wednesday.::::::::A spokeswoman for state prosecutors in Michoacan said Ana Patino was caught on a highway inside Michoacan, where the gang led by Gomez known as the Knights Templar has posed a major security challenge to President Enrique Pena Nieto.::::::::Patino was detained on a road connecting Mexico City with the country's second biggest city Guadalajara, the spokeswoman said, adding that she had no further details.::::::::Pena Nieto launched an offensive against the Knights Templar at the beginning of 2014, capturing or killing many of the gang's leaders. However, Gomez, also known as 'La Tuta', has eluded the government's attempts to capture him.::::::::Until the crackdown in Michoacan in January, Gomez, 48, was the most visible cartel boss in Mexico, appearing in a number of videos posted online in which he sought to justify the gang's actions. He even gave some interviews to international media.::::::::Mexican media has reported that Patino was Gomez's first wife, and the mother of several of his children. The spokeswoman said it is not clear whether the two have stayed married.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/24/world/asia/gunmen-kill-8-members-of-persecuted-minority-in-pakistan.html	Gunmen Kill 8 Members of Persecuted Minority in Pakistan	New York Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 01:16:56 -0700	Salman Masood	gunmen kill;persecuted minority;pakistan	ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — At least eight men were killed and two others wounded when unidentified gunmen opened fire on a bus in southwestern Pakistan, the police and rescue officials said. The victims were ethnic Hazara, a Persian-speaking Shiite Muslim ...	ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — At least eight men were killed and two others wounded when unidentified gunmen opened fire on a bus in southwestern Pakistan, the police and rescue officials said.::::::::The victims were ethnic Hazara, a Persian-speaking Shiite Muslim minority group that has been repeatedly targeted by Sunni extremists in recent years.::::::::Officials said the bus was attacked by four to six gunmen on motorcycles on the outskirts of Quetta, capital of the southwestern province of Baluchistan.::::::::The victims were vegetable sellers who were returning to a local Hazara enclave from a market, the police said.::::::::There was no immediate claim of responsibility, but suspicion fell heavily on Lashkar-e-Jhangvi, a banned Sunni militant group with strong links to the Taliban that has targeted Shiites in a brutal campaign of violence in recent years.::::::::The gunmen escaped easily after the killings. Six men died at the scene, and two others at a hospital, officials said.::::::::Hazara leaders expressed frustration with the government and anguish over the latest attack. “In the last decade, at least 2,000 of our people have been killed, and yet the killers remain unpunished,” Abdul Khaliq Hazara, the Quetta-based leader of the Hazara Democratic Party, said by telephone.::::::::“No action has been taken against the culprits. No arrests have been made over past acts of violence,” Mr. Hazara said. “It seems the killers have been given a free hand.”::::::::Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Baluchistan’s chief minister, Abdul Malik Baluch, condemned the killings and ordered the law enforcement authorities to ensure that Hazaras are protected.::::::::But Mr. Hazara expressed doubt that action would be taken. “I know no one will be arrested even now,” he said.::::::::He said Hazaras had called for a strike Friday in Quetta and would observe a three-day mourning period for the victims. But he said the community had been “paralyzed” by the recurrent violence.::::::::“We cannot organize any protests,” he said. “If we go out, we fear being targeted again.”	
http://onpolitics.usatoday.com/2014/10/22/rick-scott-charlie-crist-quinnipiac-poll/?utm_source%3Dfeedblitz%26utm_medium%3DFeedBlitzRss%26utm_campaign%3Dusatoday-newstopstories	Poll: Scott, Crist tied and disliked in Florida governor’s race	USA TODAY	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 05:42:42 -0700	Gregory Korte;Fredreka Schouten;Catalina Camia	poll;scott;crist;florida;governor’s race	Charlie Crist, left, and Florida Gov. Rick Scott shake hands at Oct. 15 debate. (Wilfredo Lee, AP). The race for Florida governor can't get any tighter than this: GOP incumbent Rick Scott and Democrat Charlie Crist are deadlocked with 42% support each among ...	The race for Florida governor can’t get any tighter than this: GOP incumbent Rick Scott and Democrat Charlie Crist are deadlocked with 42% support each among likely voters in a new Quinnipiac Poll.::::::::Adrian Wyllie, the Libertarian candidate in the race, has 7% support among likely voters.::::::::The survey shows both Scott and Crist, who is trying to win back the job he held as a Republican, are unpopular . Scott’s unfavorable rating is at 48%, while Crist is at 47%. More than 8 in 10 voters say they don’t know enough about Wyllie.::::::::“According to voters, there are no nice guys in this race, since neither Scott nor Crist are viewed favorably,” said Peter Brown, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll. “The Florida governor’s race challenges the idea that voters won’t vote for a candidate they don’t like. In the Sunshine State this year, voters definitely are voting for the lesser of two evils.”::::::::The Quinnipiac Poll also found a gender gap. Scott leads Crist, 46%-38%, among men, while Crist holds a 45%-39% edge over the governor among women. Crist has a slight advantage among independent voters, garnering 41% support to Scott’s 38%. Wyllie attracts 11% support among likely voters.::::::::The survey of 984 likely voters was taken Oct. 14-20, which includes the second Scott-Crist debate that sparked “fangate” but not their final face-off held Tuesday. The error margin is +/- 3.1 percentage points.	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-canada-attacks-shooting-idUSKCN0IB1PY20141023	Ottawa pushes for business as usual after shootings	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:48:01 -0700		ottawa	OTTAWA (Reuters) - The Canadian government determined to return to business as usual on Thursday after a reported convert to Islam shot dead a soldier at the National War Memorial and rampaged through Parliament before being killed himself.	1 of 27. Canada's Prime Minister Stephen Harper speaks during a nationally televised address on CBC in this still image taken from video in Ottawa, October 22, 2014.::::::::Employees began returning to the Parliament Hill complex amid tighter security. The House of Commons was set to open on schedule at 10 a.m. (1400 GMT), with Prime Minister Stephen Harper speaking at that time.::::::::"This sends a clear message of Canada's resolve to maintain its free and democratic way of life," House Speaker Andrew Scheer said in a statement.::::::::The flag flying over Parliament's Center Block, where the gunman had burst in on Wednesday morning, was at half mast.::::::::Members of Parliament said they would gather at the War Memorial, near the parliament, to honor Canadian soldier Nathan Cirillo who was shot at the site.::::::::Parliament Hill and the downtown core were under lockdown for 10 hours on Wednesday as police scoured the area for more possible suspects.::::::::"There was only one gunman," said a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer who was guarding Parliament Hill on Thursday morning, checking the identity cards of workers and media going into the parliament complex.::::::::He said in the confusion on Wednesday morning, witnesses saw things from different angles, suggesting the possibility of second shooter but videos and further interviews showed this was not the case.::::::::The killing of the Canadian soldier was the second this week with a possible link to Islamist militants.::::::::In a brief address to the nation on Wednesday night, Harper pledged to redouble the country's fight against "terrorist organizations.::::::::"Let there be no misunderstanding, we will not be intimidated. Canada will never be intimidated," he said.::::::::"This will lead us to strengthen our resolve and redouble our efforts and those of our national security agencies to take all necessary steps to identify and counter threats."::::::::A convert to Islam on Monday ran over two Canadian soldiers with his car, killing one, near Montreal.::::::::Both attacks took place after Canada announced this month it would send six jets to take part in air strikes against Islamic State fighters who have taken over parts of Iraq and Syria.::::::::Harper said Canada would now "redouble our efforts to work with our allies around the world and fight against the terrorist organizations who brutalize those in other countries with the hope of bringing their savagery to our shores".::::::::Defense Minister Rob Nicholson said Canada's deployment to Iraq would go on unimpeded.::::::::The two attacks in quick succession could push the Canadian government to pause and rethink before introducing a planned bill to change the Canadian Security Intelligence Service Act, said Wesley Wark, a professor at the University of Ottawa, who is an expert on national security and intelligence issues.::::::::The bill to boost the powers of Canada's main spy agency, CSIS, was slated to be introduced in parliament this week.::::::::"What the government is now confronting is a choice with going forward on whatever its original, probably small-scale changes might have been, or sitting back and thinking about whether there is something more that needs to be done," he said.::::::::Canadian police were investigating Michael Zehaf-Bibeau as a suspect in Wednesday's attack, said a source familiar with the matter.::::::::Court documents show he previously faced a robbery charge in Vancouver and multiple drug-related charges in Montreal.::::::::U.S. officials said they had been advised the dead gunman in Wednesday's shootings was also a Canadian convert to Islam.::::::::Treasury Board Minister Tony Clement tweeted that he would convene a regularly scheduled meeting on Thursday and added "#terroristsbedamned".::::::::"The last thing anyone in our community wants is to cower to this outrageous ... murder," Mayor Jim Watson said on CBC radio.	
http://seattletimes.com/html/nationworld/2024836676_apxsecretservice.html	Inspector: 'Serious lapse' at Secret Service	The Seattle Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:52:06 -0700	Erica Werner	inspector;'serious lapse;secret service	A government investigation Wednesday criticized a bizarre Secret Service assignment that pulled agents from their duty near the White House and sent them to the rural Maryland home of a headquarters employee embroiled in a personal dispute with a ...	Originally published October 22, 2014 at 6:13 AM | Page modified October 22, 2014 at 11:35 AM::::::::A government investigation Wednesday criticized a bizarre Secret Service assignment that pulled agents from their duty near the White House and sent them to the rural Maryland home of a headquarters employee embroiled in a personal dispute with a neighbor.::::::::A government investigation Wednesday criticized a bizarre Secret Service assignment that pulled agents from their duty near the White House and sent them to the rural Maryland home of a headquarters employee embroiled in a personal dispute with a neighbor.::::::::The conduct amounted to a "serious lapse in judgment," the inspector general of the Homeland Security Department, John Roth, said in a statement accompanying an investigative memo he released. "These agents, who were there to protect the president and the White House, were improperly diverted for an impermissible purpose."::::::::Although agency officials insisted President Barack Obama's safety was not compromised, the report notes Obama was at the White House on at least two days that the agents were "a 50-minute drive (without traffic) from the White House" checking on the headquarters employee. It found no legal justification for using Secret Service agents for such a purpose.::::::::"The Secret Service's mission is to protect the president of the United States, and not to involve itself in an employee's purely private dispute best handled by the local police," Roth said.::::::::A Secret Service spokesman, Ed Donovan, said in a statement, "The Secret Service has received the OIG memorandum and is reviewing it for findings." Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said that he'd asked Joe Clancy, the acting director of the Secret Service, which is part of DHS, to "take any appropriate disciplinary action that he deems necessary and report back to me."::::::::The report comes as Congress is investigating the Secret Service over a series of security breaches and scandals, including a recent incident where a man with a knife scaled the White House fence and dashed all the way into the East Room.::::::::Compared to that failure and other incidents, including a prostitution scandal in Colombia, "Operation Moonlight" stands as a strange side note. It happened three years ago but came to light this past May in a report in The Washington Post.::::::::A Secret Service employee who worked as the assistant to then-director Mark Sullivan was involved in a dispute with her neighbor, who was harassing her and assaulted her father. This "resulted in the loss of several of her father's teeth," the report says.::::::::Local police arrested the neighbor, and the employee, Lisa Chopey, sought out a protective order. But it didn't stop there. She told investigators that Keith Prewitt, then the deputy director of the Secret Service, was a family friend. And when he heard her story, Prewitt told A.T. Smith, then the assistant director for investigations, that the Secret Service should do something to help her out.::::::::Smith directed one of his managers to have agents drive out to Chopey's home in La Plata, Md., to check on her. The report says that Sullivan, the agency director who's since retired, was made aware of that decision, but Sullivan disputed that in a statement Wednesday, saying that he'd only learned of the checks being made on Chopey after they'd already stopped.::::::::The agents assigned to the task were from the agency's so-called "Prowler" unit, a rotating team of two special agents who are supposed to respond to suspicious people and situations in and around the White House and national capital area. Prowler teams are not part of the presidential protective division, and agency personnel interviewed for the report insisted their protective function was not compromised. The mission was over before long -- five days of visits are documented, with the longest lasting eight hours.::::::::But the report notes that during those times, "the Prowler team would have been unable to respond to exigencies at the White House." And on at least two of those occasions, Obama was in the residence.::::::::Several of the people named in the report, including Chopey, have retired or moved on from the Secret Service, but Smith is now the agency deputy director. Donovan, the agency spokesman, said Smith would not be made available for an interview. Prewitt did not respond to a phone message.::::::::Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, who is leading investigations of the Secret Service as chairman of an oversight subcommittee, said Smith should be fired and agency officials' contention that the president's safety was not jeopardized by the mission were "hogwash."::::::::"It shows how problematic the Secret Service is, top to bottom," Chaffetz said. "This is inexcusable."	
http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2014/10/23/the-unc-fake-class-investigation-and-the-the-myth-of-the-student-athlete/?tid%3Dpm_national_pop	The UNC fake class investigation and the ‘the myth of the student-athlete’	Washington Post	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:12:01 -0700	Terrence Mccoy;Lindsey Bever	unc;fake class investigation;‘the myth	The numbers alone are surprising. At the University of North Carolina, more than 3,100 students, many of whom were athletes, took phantom classes in a “shadow curriculum,” netting high marks despite the fact that they never met and there wasn't any work ...	The numbers alone are surprising. At the University of North Carolina, more than 3,100 students, many of whom were athletes, took phantom classes in a “shadow curriculum,” netting high marks despite the fact that the classes never met and there wasn’t any work beyond a final paper no one read. The scheme ran for years, between 1993 and 2011, and the athletes “didn’t have to take notes, have to stay awake … they didn’t have to meet with professors … they didn’t have to pay attention or necessarily engage with the material.”::::::::But once past the initial shock of those numbers — or the assessment’s candor — there is little that surprises in the news. There’s nothing new about academic chicanery when it comes to student-athletes, the very term increasingly exposed as a “myth,” in the words of one professor at the University of Notre Dame.::::::::It was the same thing at the University of Michigan. In 2008, the Ann Arbor News reported that a professor taught a course not offered by the university for the sole purpose of improving the grade-point averages of athletes.::::::::It was the same thing at Kansas State University. In 2008, USA Today reported that athletes were “clustering” in non-demanding majors at several major universities that “didn’t prepare them for post-sports careers.”::::::::It was the same thing at Stanford. In 2011, the Stanford Daily reported the school offered an “easy” course list for athletes that included classes such as “Beginning Improvising” and “Social Dances of North America III.”::::::::The matter of student-athletes gliding through school unencumbered by academic rigor is an issue often reported, but one that nonetheless persists at numerous institutions. It represents another way that universities take advantage of their student-athletes. Not only are athletes forbidden from profiting from the lucrative sports in which they participate, but they’re sometimes guided — either tacitly or explicitly — into courses that don’t prepare them for a life outside sports.::::::::“You’re not there got get an education,” Rashad McCants, a former University of North Carolina basketball player, recently told ESPN. “You’re there to make revenue for the college.”::::::::The NCAA insists on the term “student-athlete.” It implies that athletes, while playing a sport that requires total dedication, have the mental acuity and time to academically perform on par with non-athletes. According to the NCAA, “student-athletes must, therefore, be students first.”::::::::It’s a pleasant fiction, said Gary Gutting of the University of Notre Dame. According to the NCAA’s own surveys, he wrote in the New York Times, “football and men’s basketball players identify themselves more strongly as athletes than as students, gave more weight in choosing their college to athletics than to academics and … spend more time on athletics than on their studies (and a large majority say they spend as much or more time on sports during the off-season).”::::::::They get scholarship money if they’re good enough, but it’s the equivalent of a paycheck, a National Labor Relations Board regional director ruled in March. They are paid to play, not study, he said, agreeing with a players union that in state schools at least, student-athletes should be permitted to organize unions.::::::::These athletes present a curious paradox. The athlete would need to be more academically gifted than the non-athlete to spend all that time on sports every week and still compete with traditional students in the classroom. That rarely happens, Gutting added, finding the rate of graduation for football players is 16 percent below the college average — for basketball players, 25 percent below the average. “Even these numbers understate the situation,” he added, “since colleges provide under-qualified athletes with advisers who point them toward easier courses and majors.”::::::::This has been a problem for decades. According to a 1985 study in the Sociology of Education, many athletes arrive on campus excited and optimistic about their academic career. “However, their athletic, social, and classroom experiences lead them to become progressively detached from academics,” the report found. “As a result, they make pragmatic adjustments, abandoning their earlier aspirations and expectations and gradually resigning themselves to inferior academic performance.”::::::::To solve the problem, some say just pay the athletes. At least that would allow them, especially the ones not bound for the pros, to get something out of their time at school. Others, such as Florida State University Professor David Pargman, simply say: “End the charade: Let athletes major in sports.”::::::::“Why do we impose upon young, talented and serious-minded high-school seniors the imperative of selecting an academic major that is, more often than not, completely irrelevant to, or at least inconsistent with, their heartfelt desires and true career objectives: to be professional athletes?”	
http://www.voanews.com/content/activists-us-led-airstrikes-killed-553-syria/2493295.html	Activists: US-led Airstrikes Killed 553 in Syria	Voice of America	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:59:28 -0700	Voa News	activists;us-led airstrikes killed;syria	Syrian activists said a month of U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria has killed 553 people, mostly militants from the Islamic State group and al-Qaida-linked Nusra Front. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Thursday the deaths include 464 ...	Syrian activists said a month of U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria has killed 553 people, mostly militants from the Islamic State group and al-Qaida-linked Nusra Front.::::::::The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Thursday the deaths include 464 Islamic State fighters and 32 civilians.::::::::The group, which has tracked the violence in Syria throughout the country's civil war, said it believes even more Islamic State militants have actually died but remain unreported because of difficulties in accessing some of the airstrike sites.::::::::Also Thursday, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said a deal had been reached to send 200 Iraq Kurdish peshmerga fighters through Turkey to help defend the Syrian border town of Kobani against Islamic State militants.::::::::A senior official in Iraq's Kurdistan region told Reuters the peshmerga would be equipped with heavier weapons than those being used by Kurdish fighters in Kobani, who say they need armor-piercing weapons to fend off Islamic State fighters.::::::::Peshmerga spokesman Halgurd Hikmat told Reuters that preparations to deploy to Kobani were going on, but it would not happen on Thursday.::::::::Erdogan spoke after Iraqi Kurdish lawmakers on Wednesday approved sending the fighters. The move marks the semi-autonomous region's first military foray into Syria's war.::::::::Islamic State militants, keen to consolidate territorial gains in northern Syria, has pressed an offensive on Kobani even as U.S.-led forces continue bombing the militants' positions.::::::::U.S. and partner nation planes have carried out more than 200 airstrikes in Syria since September 22, as part of an expanded effort to halt the Islamic State group.::::::::At least 300 coalition airstrikes have also targeted the group in Iraq, where the militants swept through large areas of the northern and western part of the country in recent months.::::::::Meanwhile, the Pentagon said a stray bundle of weapons and ammunitions that U.S. cargo planes intended to airdrop to Kurds in northern Syria did likely end up in the hands of Islamic State fighters.::::::::Spokesman Steve Warren said Wednesday that 26 of 28 bundles dropped over Kobani were picked up by Kurds, but that two went astray. Warren said U.S. forces destroyed one, while the other was probably picked up by militants.::::::::Video from a pro-Islamic State media group shows a masked fighter inspecting hand grenades, ammunition, and rocket-propelled grenade launchers as he voiced delight.::::::::But Warren said the weapons are not enough to give the militants any type of advantage as they battle Kurdish defenders for control of Kobani.::::::::On Thursday, the battle for strategic town of Kobani was raging on as gunshots rang out throughout the morning and echoed across to the Turkish side of the border.::::::::Refugees in Turkey told VOA that residents in Kobani said there was heavy fighting overnight. The sound of heavy firing of mortars, RPGs (rocket-propelled grenades), possibly heavy machine guns and some lighter weapons also was heard around mid-day.::::::::Earlier Wednesday, Erdogan said it was wrong for the United States to airdrop military supplies to Kurdish fighters. He questioned the logic of such an operation if only some of the weapons reach their targets.::::::::Erdogan also said he has "difficulty understanding why Kobani is so strategic" for the United States, saying there are no civilians there.::::::::On Thursday, he renewed criticism of the move, describing the main Kurdish force defending the town as a “terrorist” group.::::::::“Did Turkey view this business positively? No, it didn't. America did this in spite of Turkey and I told him Kobani is not currently a strategic place for you, if anything it is strategic for us,” he said of a telephone call with U.S. President Barack Obama at the weekend.::::::::Correspondent Scott Bobb contributed to this report from Turkey. Some material for this report came from Reuters.	
http://www.mercurynews.com/giants/ci_26782047/royals-beat-giants-even-world-series-at-1	Royals beat Giants, even World Series at 1-1	San Jose Mercury News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:54:13 -0700	Alex Pavlovic	royals;world series	KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The collapse was as quick as it was complete, and it left the Giants blurry, bruised and scrambling to find solutions in a series that flipped in a hurry. A night after they romped in the World Series opener, the Giants fell 7-2 to the Kansas ...	KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The collapse was as quick as it was complete, and it left the Giants blurry, bruised and scrambling to find solutions in a series that flipped in a hurry.::::::::A night after they romped in the World Series opener, the Giants fell 7-2 to the Kansas City Royals on Wednesday in a game decided by a five-run sixth inning that had five Giants toeing the rubber.::::::::Manager Bruce Bochy was left wondering how to get the ball from his starters to the shutdown arms at the back end of his bullpen. Tim Lincecum was left lamenting the bad luck that turned his first postseason appearance into a visit to the trainer's room with lower back tightness. Hunter Strickland was asked to try to explain actions that nearly cleared the benches. The bats were left to recover after a night spent waving at sizzling fastballs from the Royals bullpen.::::::::The Giants knew they were in for a fight in this series, but they couldn't have imagined a night like this, where they lost their composure and a resurgent pitcher along with the game. They were left looking for positives, and they found a big one. After two one-sided games in Kansas City, the series is tied heading back to San Francisco, where the Giants will host three games.::::::::"You'd like to get greedy, but we know it's going to be a tough series," Bochy said. "It was a tight game until the sixth, but that's the way it's going to be. With their pitching and our pitching and the way both teams play, we are going to have a fight, I think, every game.::::::::"It just got away from us there in the sixth ... but you go home, and I think you take a split."::::::::The Giants will try to regroup and find a way to solve the issues that sunk them in the bottom of the sixth, a frame that started with the teams tied at two. Jake Peavy teetered early in the game but found his command and retired 10 straight before the inning. Lorenzo Cain ignited the rally with a leadoff single to center, and Eric Hosmer worked a tough walk. Bochy turned to his well-rested bullpen and tried to play the matchups, but it blew up in his face.::::::::Jean Machi was called on to face Billy Butler, and it was clear that Bochy was looking for one outcome. Only four relievers induced more double plays than Machi's 12, and Butler, the plodding D.H., hit into 21 of them this season. Machi committed a cardinal sin, though, falling behind 2-0. He had to throw a strike, and Butler lined the meatball into left for a tiebreaking single.::::::::The Giants are in the World Series in large part because of Travis Ishikawa's contributions, but his inexperience in the outfield showed as Cain steamrolled around third. Third base coach Mike Jirschele sent the speedy outfielder without hesitation and despite the fact that Ishikawa scooped the ball up with Cain still a dozen feet from reaching third. He scored easily as Ishikawa made a late throw that was cut off.::::::::"That's his lack of experience as far as charging the ball and getting rid of it," Bochy said. "That's an area we know is not going to be our strength because this kid hasn't been out there very much."::::::::Machi was done, and Javier Lopez retired Alex Gordon before giving way to Strickland, the hard-throwing rookie who was thought to be rehabilitated. Strickland allowed four postseason homers in advance of the World Series, but Bochy wanted to put him back in tight spots, so he had Strickland pitch the ninth inning Tuesday. It was a clean one, and Strickland got two quick strikes on Salvador Perez. But then he spiked a breaking ball that allowed both runners to advance, and threw a 97 mph fastball that caught too much of the plate. Perez slammed it into the gap in left-center for a double, scoring two as Kauffman Stadium rumbled. Omar Infante followed and lined a 98 mph fastball into the home bullpen to give the Royals a five-run lead. That's when Strickland's sour night took another ugly turn.::::::::He had exchanged glares with Bryce Harper in the N.L. Division Series, and he thought Perez was yelling something at him as Infante rounded the bases. Strickland yelled right back, and several players started breaking out of the dugouts and bullpens.::::::::"I assumed he was yelling at me -- that's my fault for assuming," Strickland said. "I was mad at myself. I got caught up, and I didn't control my emotions like I should have. It was just a miscommunication. My emotions got the best of me. I'm not proud of that."::::::::Perez said he was baffled by the dust-up.::::::::"He (started) to look at me, so I asked him, 'Hey, why you look at me?' " he said. "You don't have to treat me like that. Look at Omar. Omar hit the bomb. I didn't hit the bomb. I hit a double."::::::::The bigger problem for the Giants was Strickland's performance. Bochy had hoped to count on Strickland and Machi for big outs against a deep Royals lineup, but both have faltered in the postseason. Lincecum looked like he might finally provide a bridge to the back end of the bullpen. He retired five straight in his first postseason appearance but was pulled after feeling tightness in his lower back. He'll be re-evaluated Thursday.::::::::On the other side, the Royals' pen proved to be as advertised. The Giants got a leadoff homer from Gregor Blanco and an RBI double from Brandon Belt off starter Yordano Ventura, but Kelvin Herrera shut down a sixth-inning threat with 101 mph fastballs, and Wade Davis and Greg Holland struck out five in the final two innings.::::::::"You've got your work cut out when you get five runs down," Bochy said. "That's an uphill climb against this pen."::::::::It's one you're not going to survive this time of the year.::::::::For more on the Giants, see Alex Pavlovic's Giants Extra blog at blogs.mercurynews.com/Giants. Follow him on Twitter at twitter.com/AlexPavlovic.	
http://www.capitalfm.co.ke/business/2014/10/apple-computer-sells-for-record-905k-in-ny/	Apple computer sells for record $905K in NY	Capital FM Kenya	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 03:15:15 -0700	Agence France Presse;Articles Agence France Presse	apple;record $ 905k;ny	NEW YORK, October 23- One of the first Apple computers ever built sold in New York on Wednesday for $905,000, leading Bonhams auction house to declare it the world's most expensive computer relic. The Apple-1 computer, built by hand in 1976 by Steve ...	NEW YORK, October 23- One of the first Apple computers ever built sold in New York on Wednesday for $905,000, leading Bonhams auction house to declare it the world’s most expensive computer relic.:::::::: :::::::: The Apple-1 computer, built by hand in 1976 by Steve Wozniak in Apple co-founder Steve Jobs’ garage or his sister’s bedroom, fetched nearly twice its pre-sale high estimate, Bonhams said.:::::::: :::::::: It was bought by the Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn, Michigan, the auction house said.::::::::Cassandra Hatton, senior specialist in charge of Wednesday’s history of science sale, said that the computer was in outstanding condition.::::::::“We are thrilled to have broken the world record for its sale, and are even more thrilled that it is going to a wonderful new home at the Henry Ford Museum,” she said.::::::::The computer came with an intact motherboard, vintage keyboard, Sanyo monitor, a custom power supply in wooden box and two vintage tape decks.::::::::The Apple-1 is considered a vanguard of the personal computer revolution, being the first pre assembled personal computer ever sold.::::::::Bonhams said the lot was one of 50 hand-built for the ByteShop by Wozniak in the summer of 1976.	
http://www.businessweek.com/news/2014-10-23/caterpillar-earnings-beat-as-construction-demands	Caterpillar Raises Forecast, Sees 2015 Growth Prospects	Businessweek	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:33:59 -0700	Shruti Date Singh	caterpillar raises forecast;prospects	Caterpillar Inc. (CAT:US), the largest construction equipment maker, posted third-quarter earnings and sales that beat analysts' estimates as the recovery in North American building drives higher demand for excavators and bulldozers. Net income rose to ...	Caterpillar had higher sales of construction machinery in North America, and of equipment for the oil and gas industry, in the third quarter. Photographer: Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg::::::::Caterpillar Inc. (CAT:US), the largest construction equipment maker, raised its full-year earnings forecast and said sales may gain in 2015 on an improvement in global economic growth.::::::::The company posted better-than-expected third-quarter profit and revenue and said earnings per share excluding one-time items for this year are expected to be $6.50, 30 cents more than previously projected. Caterpillar rose as much as 7.5 percent before the start of regular trading in New York.::::::::“In developed countries, growth-oriented monetary policies should support continued modest economic improvement,” the Peoria, Illinois-based company said today in a statement. “There is potential for increased investment in infrastructure in countries such as the United States, India and Turkey.”::::::::Caterpillar had higher sales of construction machinery in North America, and of equipment for the oil and gas industry, in the third quarter. That outweighed another decline in mining equipment, in which the company is the largest player. Coal and metals producers have continued to cut spending in the face of lower commodity prices.::::::::“The stock is reacting to a solid quarterly report and constructive outlook into 2015 against a challenging economic and geopolitical backdrop,” Larry De Maria, a New York-based analyst for William Blair & Co. who recommends buying the shares, said in an interview.::::::::The shares rose 4.1 percent to $98.46 at 8:09 a.m. in New York. Caterpillar said 2015 sales will be “flat to slightly up.”::::::::The improvement in office and commercial construction in North America, and the gradual pickup in residential activity, is boosting demand for Caterpillar’s excavators and bulldozers. U.S. construction spending rose 5 percent in August from a year earlier, data compiled by Bloomberg show.::::::::The picture for mining is far less rosy. The combined capital spending of 10 Caterpillar customers including miners BHP Billiton Ltd. and Vale SA is estimated to shrink by 18 percent over the next two years, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence.::::::::Caterpillar Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Doug Oberhelman expanded in mining since taking the helm in 2010 by spending more than $9 billion on acquisitions, only to see customers aggressively reduce capital spending after a plunge in prices for coal and iron ore.::::::::Third-quarter net income rose to $1.63 a share from $1.45 a year earlier. Excluding one-time items, profit was $1.72, surpassing the $1.35 average of estimates compiled by Bloomberg.::::::::Sales climbed to $13.5 billion from $13.4 billion, more than average estimate of $13.2 billion.::::::::Caterpillar said there remain risks to the global economy such as potential conflicts and social unrest in the former Soviet Union, Africa and the Middle East.::::::::“We’re hopeful that economic growth will improve in 2015, but are mindful of the uncertainties and risks,” Oberhelman said in the statement.::::::::To contact the reporter on this story: Shruti Date Singh in Chicago at ssingh28@bloomberg.net::::::::To contact the editors responsible for this story: Simon Casey at scasey4@bloomberg.net Tina Davis	
http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/1.622389	Palestinian spokesman: Israel to blame for escalating violence - Diplomacy and Defense Israel News	Haaretz	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:06:53 -0700	Oct Am	palestinian;israel;diplomacy;israel	Hamas praises Jerusalem attack as 'daring operation' and 'natural response'; Netanyahu held Abbas accountable for the attack, saying he has incited Palestinians against Jews. By Jack Khoury and Haaretz | Oct. 23, 2014 | 2:41 PM ...	U.S., allies stage 15 air strikes on ISIS in Iraq, Syria (Reuters)::::::::Mother of Canada shooting suspect: I'm crying for victims, not for my son (AP)::::::::Netanyahu: International community can't say a word of criticism against Abbas (Haaretz)::::::::Abbas' spokesman: Violence in Palestinian territory is due to continuation of occupation (Haaretz)::::::::Ukrainian PM warns Russia may try to destabilise Sunday's parliamentary elections (Reuters)::::::::Police extend remand of two Bedouin arrested over Wednesday shooting of IDF soldiers (Haaretz)::::::::Lieberman: Terror isn't caused by Jerusalem construction, but by extreme Islamism (Haaretz)::::::::Two female escorts charged over 2011 murder of chemistry professor Eli Lalouz (Haaretz)::::::::Three Syrians wounded in civil war fighting transferred to hospitalization in Israel (Haaretz)::::::::Eight Shi'ites killed in Pakistan's worst sectarian attack in months (DPA)::::::::Report: Indian home minister to visit Israel next month, for first time since 2000 (Haaretz)	
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/23/north-korea-ebola_n_6034272.html	North Korea Steps Up Ebola Measures, Possibly Bans Foreign Tourists	Huffington Post	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:55:02 -0700		korea steps up ebola measures;possibly bans;tourists	In this Tuesday, Oct. 21, 2014 photo a North Korean security officer stands in front of an airport shuttle transporting passengers arriving at the Sunan International Airport in Pyongyang, North Korea. North Korea on Thursday stepped up its measures to prevent ...	In this Tuesday, Oct. 21, 2014 photo a North Korean security officer stands in front of an airport shuttle transporting passengers arriving at the Sunan International Airport in Pyongyang, North Korea. North Korea on Thursday stepped up its measures to prevent the spread of the Ebola virus while a major travel agency that specializes in tours to the reclusive country said it had been informed Pyongyang may ban foreign tourists from visiting.(AP Photo/Wong Maye-E) | ASSOCIATED PRESS::::::::PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — North Korea has stepped up measures to prevent the spread of the Ebola virus into the reclusive country, state media reported Thursday, while a travel agent that specializes in North Korean tours said it has been informed that Pyongyang may ban foreign tourists from visiting.::::::::Koryo Tours posted an announcement on its Twitter and Facebook accounts saying it has been told that no foreign tourists would be allowed into North Korea beginning Friday. It said it was not clear how long the ban would last and did not provide further details. Officials in Pyongyang had no immediate comment.::::::::A Koryo company official said the measures did not appear to be a blanket ban on travel to North Korea, adding that business and government visits would be allowed to continue. He said Koryo Tours was also hoping to go ahead with a tour scheduled to begin on Saturday.::::::::"The situation seems to still be in flux, and while the early news from our partners in Pyongyang was that all tourists would be barred from entering (North Korea) we are still hopeful of taking in three groups we have scheduled to travel for the rest of 2014," said Nick Bonner, the company's co-founder.::::::::North Korea also closed its borders in 2003 during the scare over SARS.::::::::North Korea's official media reported Thursday that no cases of Ebola have been detected in the country. The official Korean Central News Agency said travelers and cargo are now subject to stricter monitoring at airports, seaports and border railways crossings.::::::::Efforts are also being made in North Korea to increase public awareness of the disease and its symptoms. Television news on Wednesday evening showed a video of Ebola patients and explained the dangers of the disease.	
http://www.wric.com/story/26870578/newseum-highlights-ben-bradlees-history-in-news	Newseum highlights Ben Bradlee's history in news - 8NEWS - WRIC	WRIC	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 01:32:23 -0700		newseum;ben bradlee;'s history;wric	WASHINGTON (AP) - The Newseum in Washington is planning a special program to remember legendary Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee, who died this week. The museum about news and the First Amendment is planning a remembrance Sunday ...	WASHINGTON (AP) - The Newseum in Washington is planning a special program to remember legendary Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee, who died this week.::::::::The museum about news and the First Amendment is planning a remembrance Sunday afternoon to discuss Bradlee's historic role in stories ranging from the Watergate scandal to the Pentagon Papers. The program will feature former Post editors Leonard Downie Jr., Shelby Coffey III, Mary Hadar and George Solomon.::::::::The "Inside Media" program is scheduled for 3 p.m. Sunday and is free with museum admission.::::::::The Newseum is also highlighting some of its artifacts this week that relate to Bradlee, including one of his press passes and the door from the Watergate break-in and stories from the News History Gallery.::::::::Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.	
http://abcnews.go.com/International/questions-linger-ottawa-shooting-rampage/story?id%3D26395060	ABC News: Breaking News & Latest News	ABC News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 06:50:53 -0700	Abc News	abc;breaking;latest	Authorities in Canada are trying to understand what motivated a gunman to kill a soldier in the country's capital Wednesday, with Prime Minister Stephen Harper calling the shooting the country's second “terrorist” attack this week. "We will not be intimidated.	The page you've requested either does not exist or is currently unavailable.::::::::You may use the "Back" button on your browser to return to the previous page, visit the ABCNews.com Home Page, or view the Site Map. You can also search our site by using the search form below.::::::::If you require further assistance, please contact us.	
http://www.sfgate.com/news/politics/article/Man-apprehended-after-jumping-White-House-fence-5841142.php	Man apprehended after jumping White House fence	SFGate	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 06:45:46 -0700	Darlene Superville;Associated Press	white house fence	Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, AP Secret Service respond on the North Lawn of the White House after a man jumped the White House fence, Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014, in Washington. The Secret Service apprehended the man who jumped over the White House ...	WASHINGTON (AP) — A 23-year-old Maryland man was in custody Wednesday night after he climbed over the White House fence and was swiftly apprehended on the North Lawn by uniformed Secret Service agents and their dogs.::::::::The incident came about a month after a previous White House fence jumper carrying a knife sprinted across the same lawn, past armed uniformed agents and entered the mansion before he was felled in the ceremonial East Room and taken into custody.::::::::That embarrassing Sept. 19 incident preceded the disclosure of other serious Secret Service breaches in security for President Barack Obama and ultimately led to Julia Pierson's resignation as director of the agency after 18 months on the job.::::::::Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said a man he identified as Dominic Adesanya of Bel Air, Maryland, climbed the north fence line at about 7:16 p.m. and was taken into custody immediately by uniformed agents and K-9 teams that constantly patrol the grounds.::::::::Obama was at the White House at the time of Wednesday's incident.::::::::Adesanya was unarmed when he was arrested, Leary said. Charges were pending.::::::::Two dogs were taken to a veterinarian for injuries sustained during the incident, Leary added.::::::::Video of the incident recorded by TV news cameras shows a man in white shorts on the lawn just inside the fence. The man lifts his shirt as if to show that he is unarmed, then is seen kicking and punching two Secret Service dogs that were released on him.::::::::Adesanya was taken to a local hospital, Leary said, without elaboration.::::::::After Pierson resigned, an agent who once led Obama's protective detail came out of retirement to lead the Secret Service until Obama names a new director, pending the completion of internal and independent reviews of agency practices.::::::::This week, a federal judge delayed the arraignment of Omar Gonzalez, the individual charged in September's fence-jumping incident, because of questions about his mental fitness to stand trial.::::::::Gonzalez has been indicted on several charges, including of carrying a knife into the White House and assaulting two Secret Service officers.::::::::The latest security breach occurred the same day that a gunman went on a rampage in the Canadian capital of Ottawa.	
http://www.ibtimes.com/unc-cheating-scandal-student-athletes-took-paper-classes-good-grades-1711113	UNC Cheating Scandal: Student-Athletes Took 'Paper Classes' For Good Grades	International Business Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 06:17:15 -0700	Julia Glum;J Glum Ibtimes Com	unc cheating scandal;student-athletes took;classes;grades	The crowd at the San Antonio Alamodome watches pre-game activities before the UNC Tarheels and Kansas Jayhawks game at the NCAA Men's Final Four semi-final basketball game in Texas in 2008. Reuters. University of North Carolina employees were ...	University of North Carolina employees were found Wednesday to have orchestrated an 18-year cheating scandal to help 3,100 students get good grades with little work. About half of the students were athletes – largely football and basketball players – whose eligibility hinged on their academic performances.::::::::Kenneth Wainstein, who formerly served with the United States Justice Department, released Wednesday the results of an eight-month investigation into UNC’s paper classes: hundreds of courses that had no required attendance and no faculty involvement. The only assignment was a research paper easily graded by a non-faculty member, Deborah Crowder, who offered the African and Afro-American Studies classes between 1993 and 2011.::::::::Nine employees have been fired or disciplined as a result of the alleged scam, including counselors who knew the classes were fake and encouraged student-athletes to take them. Former faculty chairwoman Jan Boxill was also implicated – she not only asked for grade changes for women’s basketball players, but also rewrote parts of their papers, according to UNC student newspaper, the Daily Tarheel.::::::::The cheating scandal could impact the school’s athletic accolades. The National Collegiate Athletic Association could make the Tarheels forfeit wins or give out fewer scholarships, according to the Associated Press. “I think it's very clear that this is an academic, an athletic and a university problem,” UNC Chancellor Carol Folt told the AP.::::::::More than half of the student-athletes involved were on the football team. About 12 percent were men’s basketball players, according to Yahoo Sports. The paper classes boosted students’ grade-point averages significantly – in paper classes, the average GPA was 3.61. In other classes, their average was 1.917.::::::::UNC said it learned about the irregularities in 2011 and reported it to the NCAA. The university then commissioned inquiries into the paper classes. Wainstein was hired in February to look into the situation further.::::::::The NCAA has an ongoing investigation into the matter itself, according to the Daily Tarheel, and athletic director Bubba Cunningham said at a press conference he didn’t know how long it would take.::::::::In the meantime, “make no mistake – we are going to take action,” Folt said.	
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/first-read/history-lesson-midterms-arent-kind-party-white-house-n232236	History Lesson: Midterms Aren't Kind to the Party in the White House	NBCNews.com	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 06:55:00 -0700		history lesson;midterms;kind;white house	The president is a drag on his party in the upcoming midterms. Candidates are distancing themselves from the Oval Office occupant. And the president has lost the magic that propelled him into the White House. Are we talking again about President Obama?	The president is a drag on his party in the upcoming midterms. Candidates are distancing themselves from the Oval Office occupant. And the president has lost the magic that propelled him into the White House. Are we talking again about President Obama? Actually, we’re talking about almost every president since World War II, especially those in their sixth year in office -- the so-called “Six-Year Itch.” Consider these headlines over the past three decades:::::::::This isn’t to dismiss the political problems surrounding Obama and his party heading into next month’s contests. But it is a reminder that the party controlling the White House almost always loses seats in a midterm election. There are two exceptions since World War II -- 1998 (when impeachment backfired against Republicans) and 2002 (after the 9/11 terrorist attacks). And the Senate losses are even bigger in a Six-Year Itch election. Here are the numbers:::::::::Midterms for the Party Controlling the White House since World War II::::::::“Six-Year Itches” for the Party Controlling the White House since World War II::::::::Yesterday, Chuck Todd’s bus rolled into Kansas, where he spoke with voters. Here’s Chuck’s takeaway: Kansans are open to firing Sen. Pat Roberts (R-KS), but they’re not quite sold on what Orman is selling. Here’s also a key exchange from Chuck’s interview with Orman:::::::::TODD: It sounds as if you want Kansas voters to say – look, you may not agree with a lot of my – some of my stances, some of my background, whatever, but I want to be your vehicle to sort of blow up the system there. Is that the goal? ORMAN: Well, we certainly want to change Washington. We certainly want Washington to spend more time focused on solving problems and less time focused on winning elections…::::::::Also in the interview, Orman said he would have voted for the “Gang of Eight” immigration bill; he argued that Obama’s attacks on Mitt Romney’s business practices in 2012 were “unfair”; and he reiterated his call that he won’t support the Democratic Party if Harry Reid is its leader next year, and he won’t back the Republicans if Mitch McConnell is the GOP’s Senate leader. Today, Chuck and crew take the bus to Iowa, where a new Quinnipiac poll shows Joni Ernst with a two-point lead over Bruce Braley, 48%-46%.::::::::What else happened on the trail yesterday::::::::You can tell we’re now less than two weeks away until Election Day, because there are so many developments on the campaign trail. Here’s a sampling from yesterday: The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee has decided to re-enter Kentucky’s Senate contest with a $650,000 ad buy; a Chicago Sun-Times reporter who wrote an expose on Illinois gubernatorial nominee Bruce Rauner (R) resigned from his paper after the Rauner campaign attacked him and his management took him off his beat; and Rudy Giuliani unloaded on Florida gubernatorial nominee Charlie Crist (D). (Don’t forget: Crist endorsed McCain over Rudy in the ’08 GOP presidential race.) All of this happened yesterday. Every day is going to feel like a week from now until Nov. 4.::::::::Here’s one other thing that happened yesterday: A new USA Today/Suffolk poll showed Cory Gardner leading Mark Udall by seven points (!!!), 46%-39%. Right now, there is no bigger disagreement over where the race is than in Colorado. Democrats insist they’re tied or slightly ahead, and that either 1) the polls are understating the Latino vote, or 2) that the likely voter models are missing less-than-enthusiastic people who are still voting. Even so, it’s notable that a nonpartisan public poll hasn’t shown Udall ahead in a LONG time. That’s never a good place to be, even when you acknowledge that likely-voter polls could be wrong.::::::::We’ve noticed that Democrats are turning to a final message against their GOP opponents: outsourcing. It’s not just against Bruce Rauner in Illinois or David Perdue in Georgia. In Tuesday’s debate in New Hampshire, Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) hit challenger Scott Brown over outsourcing. Now we’re also seeing Republicans do this – Roberts hitting Orman in Kansas, and Scott Walker using the attack in Wisconsin against Mary Burke. Question for GOP: Does it have a harder time here given that it goes against some policies business Republicans support?::::::::A conflicted public on Iraq and the campaign against ISIS::::::::A Pew poll released on Monday found an American public that’s still conflicted about the campaign against ISIS and the situation in Iraq. According to the poll, a majority of Americans (57%) supporting the campaign against ISIS, but just 30% saying it has a clear goal. And then there’s this: “47% say their greater concern is that the U.S. will go too far getting involved in the situation, while 43% are more concerned that the U.S. will not go far enough in stopping Islamic militants. The share saying their bigger concern is that the U.S. will become too deeply involved in the situation has increased from 41% in mid-September.” This is yet another reminder of how big of an imprint the Iraq war -- which began more than 11 years ago -- has still::::::::Obama’s crisis management: All’s well that ends well?::::::::Meanwhile, Bloomberg Businessweek’s Josh Green is the latest to look at President Obama’s shaky crisis management, whether it was on the BP spill, HealthCare.Gov, and now Ebola. He writes, “Six years in, it’s clear that Obama’s presidency is largely about adhering to intellectual rigor—regardless of the public’s emotional needs. The virtues of this approach are often obscured in a crisis, because Obama disdains the performative aspects of his job. ‘There’s no doubt that there’s a theatrical nature to the presidency that he resists,’ Axelrod says.” But Green also concludes that the administration -- after a shaky start -- usually turns things around. “[H]is record, even on issues where he’s drawn heavy criticism, is often much better than the initial impression would lead one to believe. He may tackle crises in a way that ignores the public mood, yet things generally turn out pretty well in the end. He and his economic team, though deeply unpopular, halted the financial panic and brought about a recovery that’s added jobs for 55 consecutive months. His signature health-care law addressed a slower-moving crisis; while similarly unpopular, it has delivered health insurance to more than 10 million people. Even Deepwater Horizon was nothing like the environmental cataclysm it threatened to become.” But where they have failed is with the theatrics. And in today’s media environment, first impressions are typically the only ones that matter.::::::::Click here to sign up for First Read emails. Text FIRST to 622639, to sign up for First Read alerts to your mobile phone. Check us out on Facebook and also on Twitter. Follow us @chucktodd, @mmurraypolitics, @carrienbcnews	
http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/10/23/activists-airstrikes-target-oil-field-in-eastern-syrian-province-near-iraq/	Activist group: Syria airstrikes have killed more than 500, mainly militants	Fox News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:51:14 -0700		activist;syria	Oct. 22, 2014: Thick smoke from an airstrike by the US-led coalition rises in Kobani, Syria, as seen from a hilltop on the outskirts of Suruc, at the Turkey-Syria border. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by ...	U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on Syria have killed more than 500 people, mainly Islamic militants, since they began last month, activists said Thursday, as fighting flared in the northern Syrian border town of Kobani.::::::::The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which relies on a network of activists on the ground, said 553 people have been killed since the airstrikes began on Sept. 23, including 32 civilians. The civilians included six children and five women.::::::::The group said it has documented the deaths of 464 fighters with the Islamic State group, adding that the real number could be much higher. Another 57 fighters with the Al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front were killed in airstrikes on the northern province of Aleppo and Idlib, the Observatory said.::::::::Many of the Islamic State fighters have been killed in or near Kobani, the target of a massive jihadi offensive since mid-September. IS fighters have captured dozens of surrounding Kurdish villages and forced more than 200,000 people to flee for safety in neighboring Turkey.::::::::Earlier this week, The U.S. Central Command said its forces have conducted more than 135 airstrikes against Islamic State militants in and around Kobani, killing hundreds of fighters.::::::::"Combined with continued resistance to ISIL on the ground, indications are that these strikes have slowed ISIL advances into the city, killed hundreds of their fighters and destroyed or damaged scores of pieces of ISIL combat equipment and fighting positions," Central Command said in a statement.::::::::An Associated Press journalist on the Turkish side of the border said heavy machine gun fire could be heard from Kobani, which is also known as Ayn Arab, on Thursday.::::::::"The fighting has been ongoing since last night on the eastern and southern fronts. It is some of the longest clashes in Kobani," said Kurdish activist Farhad Shami by telephone from the town. "The fighting usually only takes place at night."::::::::Shami said the Islamic State group launched an attack from three fronts late Wednesday but failed to advance. Still he said that Kurdish fighters withdrew from the Tel Shair hill that overlooks parts of Kobani.::::::::The Observatory said Islamic State fighters captured the hill, closing in on the town from the west. It said Islamic State fighters are also trying to advance from the eastern side of the town, saying there were casualties on both sides.::::::::The hill was captured by the Kurds from Islamic State fighters earlier this month.::::::::Idris Nassan, deputy minister for foreign affairs in a Kurdish civil administration controlling Kobani, said that although Islamic State fighters moved onto Tel Shair hill, the heavy fighting there was ongoing.::::::::"Kobani has been witnessing fierce clashes since last night. It was one of the bad nights," Nassan said.::::::::The Observatory meanwhile reported four coalition airstrikes on oil wells in the Jafra field in the eastern Syrian province of Deir el-Zour late Wednesday. The Local Coordination Committees, an activist group, also reported the airstrikes in areas held by the Islamic State group.::::::::The U.S.-led coalition has aggressively targeted IS-held oil facilities in Syria, which provide a key source of income for the militants. But such strikes also endanger civilians, which could undermine long-term efforts to destroy the militant group.::::::::The attacks on the oil industry, including refineries, have also led to a sharp rise in the price of oil products in rebel-held areas of Syria.	
http://www.rferl.org/content/eight-shia-gunned-down-in-southwest-pakistan/26651555.html	Deadly Attacks Mount In Southwest Pakistani City Of Quetta	RadioFreeEurope/RadioLiberty	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 06:48:26 -0700	Rfe Rl's Radio Mashaal	pakistani;quetta	A Pakistani policeman searches a minibus after an attack by gunmen on the outskirts of Quetta on October 23. Tweet. Follow @RFERL. By RFE/RL's Radio Mashaal. Last updated (GMT/UTC): 23.10.2014 11:12. A bomb blast has hit a rally by Pakistan's ...	A bomb blast has hit a rally by Pakistan's leading religious political party in the southwestern city of Quetta, causing an unspecified number of casualties.::::::::Several ambulances were seen taking the dead and injured away following the suspected suicide attack late on October 23.::::::::Maulana Fazlur Rehman, the head of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam (Fazl) party, the largest religious group in Pakistan's parliament, escaped unhurt.::::::::He said he believed he was the target of the attack.::::::::Earlier on October 23, gunmen killed eight members of the Shi’ite Hazara community when they opened fire on a bus on the outskirts of Quetta, the capital of Balochistan Province.::::::::Senior local police official Imran Qureshi confirmed that all the victims were Hazara.::::::::They were sitting in the bus after buying vegetables in Hazar Ganji market.::::::::No one has claimed responsibility for the attack.::::::::The Sunni extremist group Lashkar-e-Jhangwi has previously claimed similar attacks against Shi'a.::::::::The independent Human Rights Commission of Pakistan says violence has pushed some 200,000 ethnic Hazaras, who are mainly Shi'a, to flee Balochistan over the past 10 years.::::::::Meanwhile, Qureshi said an explosion targeting a car used by the paramilitary Frontier Corps killed two people and injured 12, also in Quetta on October 23.::::::::Balochistan has been the scene of violence perpetrated by Islamic radicals and Baluch separatist rebels.	
http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/world/north-korean-detainee-jeffrey-fowle-arrives-in-us-after-kim-jonun-issues-special-dispensation/story-fni0xs61-1227099187389		Herald Sun	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 07:11:47 -0700			Video; Image. American freed by North Korea lands in Ohio. Jeffrey Fowle, one of three Americans detained by North Korea, has arrived in Ohio after being unexpectedly released by the reclusive nation. Rough Cut (no reporter narration). Free ... American ...		
http://theweek.com/article/index/270386/michael-brown-autopsy-suggests-he-was-shot-at-close-range	Michael Brown autopsy suggests he was shot at close range	The Week Magazine	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 07:15:47 -0700	Jon Terbush	michael brown;autopsy suggests	Michael Brown, the black teenager who was shot to death by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, was shot in the hand at close range, according to a copy of the official autopsy obtained by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Ferguson police claimed Brown ...	Speed Reads is TheWeek.com's continuously updated collection of the most interesting, important, and trending things on the internet – delivered with concision, intelligence, and wit. Contact us at speedreads@theweek.com.	
http://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/rene-zellweger-glad-people/story?id%3D26369806	ABC News: Breaking News & Latest News	ABC News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 06:48:11 -0700	Abc News	abc;breaking;latest	Renée Zellweger is aware that people think she looked different at the Elle Women in Hollywood Awards in Beverly Hills earlier this week. Her response? "I'm glad." "I'm living a different, happy, more fulfilling life, and I'm thrilled that perhaps it shows," the ...	The page you've requested either does not exist or is currently unavailable.::::::::You may use the "Back" button on your browser to return to the previous page, visit the ABCNews.com Home Page, or view the Site Map. You can also search our site by using the search form below.::::::::If you require further assistance, please contact us.	
http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/10/23/ottawa-gunman-displayed-possible-mental-illness-knew-homegrown-jihadist/	Pal says Ottawa gunman wanted to go to Middle East, seemed 'mentally ill'	Fox News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 07:59:35 -0700		pal;ottawa	The man who stormed Canada's government complex Wednesday, killing a soldier and sending Ottawa into an all-out panic, was a small-time criminal who recently converted to Islam and desperately wanted to move to the Middle East, according to reports.	The man who stormed Canada’s government complex Wednesday, killing a soldier and sending Ottawa into an all-out panic, was a small-time criminal who recently converted to Islam and desperately wanted to move to the Middle East, according to reports.::::::::Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, the 32-year-old whose morning raid on Parliament Hill ended when a sergeant-at-arms gunned him down as he was unleashing a fusillade of bullets in the halls of Canada’s federal government, had recently undergone a religious awakening that left at least one friend alarmed, the Globe and Mail reported.::::::::“We were having a conversation in a kitchen, and I don’t know how he worded it: He said the devil is after him,” Dave Bathurst told the newspaper. “I think he must have been mentally ill.”::::::::Witnesses said an armed Zehaf-Bibeau drove to the Ottawa complex just before 10 a.m Wednesday, jumped out of a Toyota with no license plates and ran to the National War Memorial, where he shot a soldier later identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo. The 25-year-old father of a 6-year-old boy, who was a member of Canada's Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders regiment, died later at Civic Hospital.::::::::Zehaf-Bibeau then ran to the East Block of Parliament Hill, firing more shots and sending politicians, journalists and other workers scattering, although no one else was killed. He was brought down in the rear building of the complex, near a library, by Kevin Vickers, 58, who serves as the House of Commons' sergeant-at-arms.::::::::"MPs and Hill staff owe their safety, even lives, to Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers who shot attacker just outside the MPs' caucus rooms," New Democrat MP Craig Scott tweeted.::::::::The raid came just one day after Canada raised its terror alert and two days after another jihadist convert, Martin Couture-Rouleau, killed uniformed Canadian soldier Warrant Officer Patrice Vincent in a hit-and-run in Quebec that police believe was intentional. Couture-Rouleau, who was shot to death by police, had recently had his passport seized to bar him from travelling to the Middle East to join the Islamic State.::::::::Canada rasied its alert level after the attack, and cited chatter from Islamic State sources calling on supporters to strike back at Canada in retaliation for its decision to join coalition forces performing airstrikes in Iraq.::::::::Born in Quebec as Michael Joseph Hall, the gunman is the son of a Canadian immigration official, Susan Bibeau. She is the deputy chairperson of a division of Canada's Immigration and Refugee Board, and divorced Bibeau’s father, according to the Globe and Mail.::::::::It was not immediately clear if Zehaf-Bibeau knew Martin Couture-Rouleau, another Muslim convert from Quebec who killed one soldier and injured another in a hit-and-run attack Monday. But Bathurst said Zehaf-Bibeau did know Hasibullah Yusufzai, a British Columbia resident who was charged by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in July with traveling to Syria to join Islamic State. Yusufzai remains at large despite an international arrest warrant being issued for his capture.::::::::Zehaf-Bibeau grew up in Ottawa and Montreal, and had spent time in Libya before moving to Western Canada to become a miner and laborer, said Bathurst, who met the gunman in a Vancouver-area mosque about three years ago.::::::::Bathurst said Zehaf-Bibeau told him six weeks ago at a British Columbia mosque that he wanted to go to Libya to study Islam and Arabic. But reports from Canada say  Zehaf-Bibeau was blocked from traveling by government officials who have been monitoring extremists to prevent them from joining the Islamic State.::::::::Had Zehaf-Bibeau taken his apparent jihad plans abroad, he would have been following in the footsteps of his father, believed to be Belgasem Zahef, who was quoted by the Washington Times in 2011, speaking from Libya, where he had traveled to join the rebellion against Col. Muammar Qaddafi.::::::::Bathurst told the Globe and Mail Zehaf-Bibeau’s “erratic” behavior prompted elders at the British Columbia mosque to kick him out, but he did not describe the disturbing behavior. He did say Zehaf-Bibeau was arrested a few years ago after calling police to confess to a past crime, possibly a 2011 robbery in Vancouver. In 2012, he was sentenced to one day in jail.::::::::Click for more from The Globe and Mail.	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/10/22/white-house-fence-jumper/17747975/	Man stopped after scaling White House fence	USA TODAY	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 07:54:06 -0700	David Jackson;Usa Today;Michael Winter;Edt October;A M	white house fence	For the second time in a month, someone has jumped the White House fence, but this time the intruder was immediately subdued Wednesday evening — by Secret Service dogs. K-9 units knocked the unidentified young man down on the North Lawn about ...	Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)::::::::00:01 It's been almost one month to the day that a::::::::::::::::00:04 man jumped defense made it past Secret Service and actually made::::::::::::::::00:07 it into the White House. Happen about a month ago. Tonight.::::::::::::::::00:11 And it a little differently might even say it ended a::::::::::::::::00:13 little bit better Secret Service says the man did not make::::::::::::::::00:15 it nearly as far. Secret services the jumper was arrested immediately::::::::::::::::00:19 after jumping the north lawn fence. It was initially subdued by::::::::::::::::00:23 canine teams and then arrested by Secret Service agents. They say::::::::::::::::00:26 23 year old Dominique Edison Pena was on armed but he::::::::::::::::00:29 did manage to injured two of the Secret Service dogs. As::::::::::::::::00:33 they took him down. They were taken to the vet I::::::::::::::::00:35 was saying it was taken to the hospital where he remains::::::::::::::::00:38 he is in custody with charges pending the White House was::::::::::::::::00:41 immediately placed on lockdown. As Secret Service as set up a::::::::::::::::00:44 perimeter with agents on foot is wells in vehicle surrounding the::::::::::::::::00:47 White House for several hours. They put up extra fencing and::::::::::::::::00:50 shut down Lafayette square as well. As Pennsylvania Avenue to foot::::::::::::::::00:54 traffic they have reopened since that many tourists walking by trying::::::::::::::::00:58 to get a view of the White House. Had no idea::::::::::::::::01:01 what happened what was going on that we. Told many of::::::::::::::::01:04 them what. Was going on that there was another jumper and::::::::::::::::01:07 nearly everyone's reaction was the same basically saying watch this happen::::::::::::::::01:11 again. And then asking. If you make it as far as::::::::::::::::01:14 the last updated again as we said according to the Secret::::::::::::::::01:17 Service this Jeffords at night. Interesting note tonight's jumper is the::::::::::::::::01:21 seventh White House jumper. To make it over the fence at	
http://www.timesunion.com/sports/article/1-500-athletes-in-grades-scam-5841194.php	1,500 athletes in grades scam	Albany Times Union	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 07:54:57 -0700	Associated Press	grades scam	Chapel Hill, N.C.. The scale of an academic scandal involving bogus classes and inflated grades at the University of North Carolina was far more widespread than previously reported and included about 1,500 athletes who got easy As and Bs over a span of ...	The scale of an academic scandal involving bogus classes and inflated grades at the University of North Carolina was far more widespread than previously reported and included about 1,500 athletes who got easy As and Bs over a span of nearly two decades, according to an investigation released Wednesday.::::::::At least nine university employees were fired or under disciplinary review, and the question now becomes what, if anything, the NCAA will do next. Penalties could range from fewer scholarships to vacated wins.::::::::Most of the athletes involved were football players or members of the school's cherished basketball program, which won three of its five national titles during the scandal (1993, 2005, 2009).::::::::Athletic director Bubba Cunningham wouldn't speculate on any possible sanctions.::::::::"We'll work with the NCAA and work through the report with them as part of our ongoing investigation," Cunningham said. "That's going to take some time."::::::::In all, about 3,100 students enrolled in classes they didn't have to show up for in what was deemed a "shadow curriculum" within the former African and Afro-American Studies (AFAM) department from 1993 to 2011, the report by former high-ranking U.S. Justice Department official Kenneth Wainstein found.::::::::Many at the university hoped Wainstein's eight-month investigation would bring some closure to the long-running scandal. Instead, it found more far-reaching academic fraud than previous investigations by the NCAA and the school.::::::::The scandal reached back to the final years of legendary men's basketball coach Dean Smith's tenure, as well as Mack Brown's time as football coach before leaving for Texas.::::::::The NCAA reopened its probe over the summer. Cunningham said the school had no immediate plans to impose its own penalties as it did during an NCAA investigation into the football program that began in 2010.::::::::The school and the NCAA said in a joint statement they would review Wainstein's report "under the same standards that are applied in all NCAA infractions cases." They declined to comment on possible rules violations.::::::::The focus was courses that required only a research paper that was often scanned quickly by a secretary, who gave out high grades regardless of the quality of work. The report also outlined how counselors for athletes steered struggling students to the classes, with two counselors even suggesting grades. Several knew the courses were easy and didn't have an instructor.::::::::Chancellor Carol Folt wouldn't identify the terminated employees or those facing disciplinary review.::::::::"I think it's very clear that this is an academic, an athletic and a university problem," Folt said.::::::::Wainstein's report said it found no evidence of similar problems in other departments. In addition, Hall of Fame men's basketball coach Roy Williams and other current coaches said they were aware there were independent study courses offering easy grades, but they didn't know the classes were fake.::::::::Wainstein said he found no reason not to believe them.::::::::Faculty and administration officials missed or looked past red flags, such as unusually high numbers of independent study course enrollments in the department, the report said.::::::::"By the mid-2000s, these classes had become a primary — if not the primary — way that struggling athletes kept themselves from having eligibility problems," the report said.	
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/us-earns-1m-month-black-market-oil-sales-26398808	US: IS Earns $1M Per Day in Black Market Oil Sales	ABC News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 07:35:16 -0700	Deb Riechmann Associated Press;Abc News	is earns;$ 1m;per;black market	The U.S. Treasury Department says Islamic State militants are earning about $1 million a day just from black market oil sales. The official who leads the department's effort to undermine the group's financial strength says IS also has taken in at least $20 million ...	The U.S. Treasury Department says Islamic State militants are earning about $1 million a day just from black market oil sales.::::::::The official who leads the department's effort to undermine the group's financial strength says IS also has taken in at least $20 million in ransom payments this year from kidnappings.::::::::David Cohen, the Treasury undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence, says the group takes in several million dollars a month from wealthy donors, and from extortion rackets and other criminal activities, such as robbing banks.::::::::Cohen says that except for state-sponsored terrorist groups, the Islamic State group is probably the best-funded terrorist organization the Treasury Department has ever confronted.::::::::THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE. Check back soon for further information. AP's earlier story is below.::::::::Islamic State militants are amassing wealth at an unprecedented pace, earning about $1 million a month from black market oil sales alone, a Treasury Department official said Thursday.::::::::David Cohen, who leads the department's effort to undermine the Islamic State group's financial strength, said the extremists also get several million dollars a month from wealthy donors, and from extortion rackets and other criminal activities, such as robbing banks. In addition, he said the group has taken in at least $20 million in ransom payments this year from kidnappings.::::::::"It is difficult to get precise revenue estimates on the value to ISIL of these transactions in light of the murky nature of the market, but we estimate that beginning in mid-June, ISIL has earned approximately $1 million a day from oil sales," Cohen said, using an acronym for the group.::::::::The group wants to create a caliphate, or Islamic empire, in the Middle East. Led by Iraqi militant Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the Islamic State group initially tried to oust Syrian President Bashar Assad, but other groups, including al-Qaida central command, turned against IS because of its brutality.::::::::IS has captured territory across Syria and northern Iraq.::::::::"With the important exception of some state-sponsored terrorist organizations, IS is probably the best-funded terrorist organization we have confronted," Cohen, undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence, said in prepared remarks for a speech at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.::::::::Unlike the core al-Qaida terrorist network, IS gets only a relatively small share of funding from deep-pocket donors and therefore does not depend primarily on moving money across international borders. Instead, IS obtains the vast majority of its revenues through local criminal and terrorist activities, Cohen said.::::::::"They rob banks. They lay waste to thousands of years of civilization in Iraq and Syria by looting and selling antiquities," he said. "They steal livestock and crops from farmers. And despicably, they sell abducted girls and women as sex slaves."	
http://online.wsj.com/articles/u-s-jobless-claims-rise-to-283-000-1414067672	U.S. Jobless Claims Remain Near 14-Year Lows	Wall Street Journal	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 07:23:09 -0700	Jonathan House;Jonathan House Wsj Com	u.s. jobless;remain near;lows	A recruiter talks with a job seeker at a career fair in New York City on May 13, 2014. Bloomberg News. WASHINGTON—The number of new claims for jobless benefits rose last week but remained near 14-year lows, the latest sign of an improving labor market.	WASHINGTON—The number of new claims for jobless benefits rose last week but remained near 14-year lows, the latest sign of an improving labor market.::::::::Initial claims for unemployment benefits increased by 17,000 to a seasonally adjusted 283,000 in the week ended Oct. 18, the Labor Department said Thursday. That was slightly above the 282,000...	
http://www.washingtonpost.com/sports/nationals/2014-world-series-perez-infante-help-royals-bounce-back-in-game-2-vs-giants/2014/10/23/7969e508-5a35-11e4-bd61-346aee66ba29_story.html	2014 World Series: Perez, Infante help Royals bounce back in Game 2 vs. Giants	Washington Post	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 07:57:39 -0700		world series;perez;infante;royals;game	KANSAS CITY, Mo. — It sputtered at the start, weighed down by a lopsided opener and slipshod moments. It belched and gurgled for two nights, giving off an exhaust of dullness and dominance. It threatened to stall and disappoint, until suddenly — with a ...	Kansas City Royals designated hitter Billy Butler hit an RBI single giving Kansas City a 3-2 lead over the San Francisco Giants, and the Royals went on to defeat the Giants, 7-2, to even the series. (AP)::::::::Kansas City Royals designated hitter Billy Butler hit an RBI single giving Kansas City a 3-2 lead over the San Francisco Giants, and the Royals went on to defeat the Giants, 7-2, to even the series. (AP)::::::::It sputtered at the start, weighed down by a lopsided opener and slipshod moments. It belched and gurgled for two nights, giving off an exhaust of dullness and dominance. It threatened to stall and disappoint, until suddenly — with a loud, throaty roar — the 110th World Series kicked into gear in a head-spinning sixth inning Wednesday night. Fastballs hummed at 101 mph. Line drives hissed to and over fences. Benches emptied. And as the Kansas City Royals turned the cold-blooded San Francisco Giants into a blubbering heap of bad decisions and gnarled relievers, the Fall Classic sprung to life. We now have ourselves a series.::::::::The Royals’ first World Series victory in 29 years, a 7-2 triumph in Game 2 at Kauffman Stadium, erupted in the sixth inning. Royals Manager Ned Yost activated his viper pit of a bullpen in the top half and squelched the Giants’ final meaningful rally. The Royals seized the lead with a five-run, five-pitcher inning that culminated with Omar Infante’s two-run homer over the left field fence off reliever Hunter Strickland, who touched off a brouhaha when he responded to Salvador Perez’s slow trot around the bases by screaming at him.::::::::Once the dust settled, the Royals and Giants retreated to their separate clubhouses and packed for San Francisco. They both could rationalize a successful start. The Giants had stolen home-field advantage with a split. The Royals had rebounded from their Game 1 trouncing and proved the Giants — now 16-3 in their past 19 postseason games — mortal in October. They both will show up for Game 3 on Friday night in need of three victories to claim a World Series title.::::::::“It was an absolute blast to be a part of both of these games,” Giants right fielder Hunter Pence said. “Winning was great, but also seeing them step up, it’s a joy. It’s a joy to be a part of. The results will take care of themselves. I’ll see whenever it’s over. I try to black it out.”::::::::The sixth inning ended with Strickland’s twin foibles — a long homer and a short fuse — on display. But it began with the Giants rallying and the Royals revealing to the Giants the might of their menacing bullpen.::::::::With one out and the score tied at 2, Pence singled off rookie starter Yordano Ventura to put two runners on base. Yost emerged from the bullpen and called on thunderous right-hander Kelvin Herrera. He usually handles the seventh inning, but now Yost broke the glass because of emergency.::::::::Herrera greeted Brandon Belt with a 101-mph fastball. He dialed it back to a mere 100 with the next pitch. After Herrera offered a 92-mph change-up, Belt eventually flied a 101-mph fastball to left. Herrera turned Michael Morse’s bat into kindling with a 101-mph fastball that bored in on his arm.::::::::“I know he can’t handle it if I put in a good spot,” Herrera said.::::::::“His ball was running pretty good,” Morse said. “I thought I squared it up. I thought I put a good swing on it. I thought I saw it pretty well. And then he sawed me right off. I told myself, ‘You got to get started a little earlier.’ ”::::::::With fresh lumber, Morse ripped a one-hopper to shortstop, and Herrera had quelled the threat. He threw eight fastballs, all of them 100 or 101 mph.::::::::Giants Manager Bruce Bochy may punch his ticket to the Hall of Fame before this fall ends, and he has drawn hosannas for his bullpen deployment for five years. But he may have blundered to begin the bottom half of the inning, when he left the game in his starter’s hands a batter too long.::::::::Jake Peavy had recovered from an abysmal start and retired 10 straight hitters, having thrown fewer than 60 pitches when he took the mound for the sixth inning. Kansas City’s 3-4-5 hitters loomed. The Giants’ bullpen remained dormant, even though potential trouble lurked. When facing Peavy for a third time in the same start this season, hitters batted .323 with a .933 OPS. Eric Hosmer, a dangerous lefty, would bat second.::::::::Lorenzo Cain flared a single to center field to lead off the inning, and because no relievers had stirred, Peavy — and not Javier Lopez or Jeremy Affeldt — needed to face Hosmer. Peavy fell behind with three consecutive balls and eventually walked Hosmer.::::::::A threat had coalesced, and Bochy meandered to the mound a beat too late. He summoned Jean Machi to face Billy Butler, the cherubic designated hitter who hawks bottles of barbecue sauce with his name on the label. Butler, the longest-tenured Royal, hammered a single to left field. Travis Ishikawa — a career first baseman moonlighting in left to get an extra bat in the lineup — charged the ball and lobbed a weak throw home. Cain slid across with the go-ahead run.::::::::The Royals caught fire as Giants relievers filed to the mound as if through a turnstile. Lopez entered to face Alex Gordon and induced a fly to left, then yielded to Strickland, the rookie whom Bryce Harper had victimized for two moonshot homers in the National League Division Series. Perez greeted him with a missile to the gap, scoring both runs and pushing the Royals ahead 5-2.::::::::Strickland fell behind Infante with a ball and rifled a 98-mph, plate-bisecting fastball at the letters. Infante lashed it to left and flipped his bat toward the home dugout. The ball caromed off the back wall of the bullpen, and Kauffman Stadium went delirious.::::::::As Perez walked across home plate, Strickland took exception to the pace of his gait. He gestured toward the dugout and yelled at Perez. Perez stood on home plate and yelled back.::::::::“After Omar hit the bomb and I get close to home plate, he starts to look at me,” Perez said. “So I asked him, ‘Hey, why you look at me?’ So he was telling me, ‘Get out of here,’ whatever. You don’t have to treat me like that. Look at Omar. Omar hit a bomb. I didn’t hit a bomb. I hit a double.”::::::::Players spilled out of the dugouts. Three Royals relievers sprinted to the infield. No confrontation materialized, but an umpire needed to escort Strickland off the field.::::::::“I got caught up and didn’t control my emotions like I should have,” Strickland said. “My emotions got the best of me. I’m not too proud of that.”::::::::Hours earlier, the Giants had strengthened their grip on the series when Gregor Blanco, a Class AAA Syracuse Chief in 2011 and the replacement for injured Angel Pagan, delivered Kauffman Stadium another air-out-of-the-building beginning with a leadoff homer on Yordano Ventura’s 3-2, 98-mph fastball. But the Royals and vowed resilience after Game 1, and they never cracked.::::::::“It starts the night before,” Royals veteran Raul Ibanez said. “The place was loose. There was an attitude that we’ll get them tomorrow. Not an arrogant attitude. Just a belief.”::::::::Ventura settled down. Butler and Alcides Escobar cracked RBI hits. The fever-dream sixth inning happened. Morse pointed out the Giants may not have seen a fastball slower than 95 mph all game.::::::::The Royals had asserted themselves, and a series crackled with fresh life.	
http://online.wsj.com/articles/north-korean-detainee-jeffrey-fowle-reunited-with-family-in-ohio-1413985976	American Freed by North Korea Reunites with Family	Wall Street Journal	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 06:53:18 -0700	Felicia Schwartz;Felicia Schwartz Wsj Com	freed;korea reunites	Jeffrey Fowle is greeted by family members on his arrival at Wright-Patterson Airforce Base on Wednesday morning in Dayton, Ohio. David Kohl/Associated Press. WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, Ohio—An Ohio man detained for nearly half a year ...	WASHINGTON—An American man freed by North Korea after several months in detention has returned home to Ohio to a reunion with his family.::::::::Jeffrey Fowle, 56, traveling on a military plane, landed at 6:45 a.m. at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio, said Laura McGowan, a spokeswoman for the base. Mr. Fowle was greeted by his family when he landed, officials said.::::::::Mr. Fowle’s three children didn’t know why they were headed to the Air Force Base early on a dark, cold and overcast morning, along with their mother, uncle, other relatives and friends. Soon, however, they saw their father standing in the door of the military aircraft, Col. John Devillier, the base commander, said in an interview.::::::::“When they saw him in the doorway of the aircraft, they were like, ‘Oh my god, it’s Dad.’ They were hesitant when he came down the stairs and weren’t sure what to do—I just kind of leaned over to them and said ‘Go see your dad,’ and they took off,” Col. Devillier said. He added that Mr. Fowle’s children were the first to greet him and that they had a tearful reunion with their father.::::::::The mood was “very joyous,” Col. Devillier said. “There were tears of happiness.”::::::::The State Department announced Tuesday that Mr. Fowle had been released from North Korean custody. He was arrested earlier this year in North Korea after leaving behind a Bible while on a group tour.::::::::North Korea made its first statement about Mr. Fowle’s release late Wednesday local time, attributing the move to its leader, Kim Jong Un. The Korean Central News Agency said Mr. Kim made the decision to release Mr. Fowle “taking into consideration the repeated requests of U.S. President Obama.”::::::::U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said there was no “quid pro quo” with North Korea to secure Mr. Fowle’s release.::::::::As a condition of his release, the Defense Department sent a plane to Pyongyang to pick Mr. Fowle up, in a time frame specified by the North Korean government. The U.S. doesn’t have diplomatic relations with North Korea and has been working through the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang to secure Mr. Fowle’s release and that of two other Americans. Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller remain in North Korean custody, and both were sentenced to hard labor.::::::::In a statement released by Mr. Fowle’s lawyer, Tim Tepe, the Fowle family thanked “the State Department, the embassy of Sweden, former ambassador Tony Hall and many others.”::::::::The family’s statement said they were “overjoyed by Jeff’s return,” but “mindful that Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller continue to be detained in the DPRK, and understand the disappointment their families are experiencing today that their loved ones did not return home with Jeff.”::::::::Mr. Fowle is in good health, the statement said, and was treated well by the North Korean government. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said Mr. Fowle was checked by a doctor.::::::::Mr. Fowle, from Miamisburg, Ohio, worked in nearby Moraine on road maintenance projects until his employment was terminated last month, according to David Hicks, Moraine’s city manager. Mr. Hicks said the job almost certainly will be reinstated.::::::::The city was preparing to pay Mr. Fowle’s family approximately $70,000 in accrued severance benefits when he was released by North Korea, but which was never finally paid out.	
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-10-23/zuckerberg-uses-chinese-to-tell-chinese-he-s-hiring.html	Zuckerberg Uses Chinese to Tell Chinese He’s Hiring	Bloomberg	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 07:49:28 -0700	Lulu Yilun Chen	zuckerberg uses;he’s	Facebook Inc. (FB) Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg told students at one of China's top universities -- in Mandarin -- that the company is looking to employ the country's best engineers. Facebook hired more than 20 students in China last month, ...	Facebook Inc. (FB) Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg told students at one of China’s top universities -- in Mandarin -- that the company is looking to employ the country’s best engineers.::::::::Facebook hired more than 20 students in China last month, Zuckerberg told an audience at Tsinghua University yesterday. He was cheered for speaking to the students in Chinese.::::::::Zuckerberg, whose company’s website has been blocked in China since 2009, was named to the advisory board for Tsinghua’s School of Economics and Management. Facebook, based in Menlo Park, California, is seeking to build up its business in China through a Hong Kong office selling online ads to companies that want to reach international users. The company leased space in Beijing this year to expand the effort, according to people familiar with the matter.::::::::“We are already in China, we are helping Chinese companies increase customers overseas,” Zuckerberg said in Chinese. “We also want to help other countries in the world to connect with China.”::::::::Zuckerberg said he has been in China four times and traveled to Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou and Tianjin. He said Chinese phonemaker Xiaomi Corp. is a trustworthy company that’s developing fast, and that he has had meals with its founder, Lei Jun. Xiaomi is the biggest smartphone vendor in the world’s biggest market.::::::::Facebook is unlikely to win access to Chinese users anytime soon, regulators said in September. Still, Asia is a huge potential growth market for Facebook, with the company’s user base rising faster than in the U.S. and Canada. Some Chinese users access the social network via virtual private networks that allow them to evade government controls on the Internet.::::::::Zuckerberg’s visit overlapped with that of Apple Inc. (AAPL) CEO Tim Cook. He discussed protecting user data during talks with Chinese Vice Premier Ma Kai, the official Xinhua News Agency reported Oct. 22. Cook also toured a Foxconn Technology Group (2317) factory in Zhengzhou, where the iPhone 6 is made.::::::::To contact the reporter on this story: Lulu Yilun Chen in Hong Kong at ychen447@bloomberg.net::::::::To contact the editors responsible for this story: Michael Tighe at mtighe4@bloomberg.net Nicholas Wadhams	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2014/10/23/canada-ottawa-gunman-attack-police/17764239/	Canadian PM to Parliament	USA TODAY	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 08:28:26 -0700	Donna Leinwand Leger Doug Stanglin Usa Today;Edt October;A M	pm	OTTAWA — One day after a gunman rampaged through its halls, the Canadian Parliament opened Thursday with prolonged applause for the heroic sergeant-at-arms who fatally shot the assailant and for the prime minister's vow to stand up to terrorists.	OTTAWA — One day after a gunman rampaged through its halls, the Canadian Parliament opened Thursday with prolonged applause for the heroic sergeant-at-arms who fatally shot the assailant and for the prime minister's vow to stand up to terrorists.::::::::"We will be vigilant, but we will not run scared. We will be prudent, but not panic," Prime Minister Stephen Harper told members of Parliament to repeated applause. "As for the business of government, we are here in our seats, in our chamber, in the very heart of our democracy, and we are working."::::::::The gunman, who was fatally shot during the assault, has been identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, a Canadian born in 1982 who was a recent convert to Islam.::::::::Canadian police confirmed Thursday that only one gunman was involved in the shootings in and around the Parliament building that left one soldier dead, Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, who was standing guard at the nearby National War Memorial.::::::::Harper says the object of two separate terrorist attacks this week was to instill fear but "Canada will never yield to terrorism."::::::::"We live in dangerous times, yes, but the mission of our country and the work of this Parliament goes on, and so does the work throughout this city," Harper said.::::::::The prime minister said the government was preparing to respond to recent terrorist acts with new laws to strengthen the police in the areas of detention and surveillance. He said work on such laws, already underway, would be expedited.::::::::The shaken capital slowly tried to return to normal on Thursday, with members of Parliament returning to work, although the Parliament buildings were otherwise closed to visitors.::::::::The National War Memorial remained cordoned off with police tape on Thursday, but MPs and government officials stopped by to pay their respects.::::::::Harper arrived by motorcade around 9 a.m., joining by Liberal Leader Justice Trudeau and various Conservative Cabinet ministers.::::::::In a personal touch in his remarks Thursday, Harper urged MPs — many of whom had barricaded doors inside the building during the shooting — to seek medical help if they are suffering stress from Wednesday's attack.::::::::::::::::The Globe and Mail newspaper of Toronto reported that the suspected gunman, Zehaf-Bibeau, was recently designated a "high-risk traveler" by the Canadian government and that his passport had been seized.::::::::It said Zehaf-Bibeau had a criminal record for drug possession, credit card forgery and robbery.::::::::In a brief and tear-filled telephone conversation with the Associated Press on Thursday, the suspect's mother, Susan Bibeau, said she did not know what to say to those hurt in the attack.::::::::"Can you ever explain something like this?" she said. "We are sorry."::::::::The clearly distraught mother told the AP that the was crying for the victims of the shootings, not for her son.::::::::Ottawa police constable Marc Soucy confirmed to the Associated Press Thursday that police are satisfied there was one attacker.::::::::Ottawa police chief Charles Bordeleau told the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. that "there is no longer a threat to public safety."::::::::Police said in the initial hours after the shootings that as many as two other gunmen may have taken part. But as the day wore on, it appeared increasingly likely that the attack was the work of one person.::::::::It was the second terrorism-related attack in two days. On Monday, a man described by Harper earlier as an "ISIL-inspired terrorist" on Monday ran over two soldiers in a parking lot in Quebec, killing one and injuring another before being shot to death by police.::::::::The attacker, like the gunman in Parliament, was a recent convert to Islam. ISIL refers to the Islamic State militant group that has taken over large sections of Iraq and Syria.::::::::During the opening session of Parliament, the MPs were led, as usual, by the ceremonial sergeant-at-arms, Kevin Vickers,::::::::But it was Vickers, a 58-year-old retired officer in the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, who was singled out as a hero for fatally shooting the gunman just outside the MPs' caucus rooms.::::::::After leading the MPs into the chamber Thursday, Vickers, dressed in ceremonial garb, received rousing, prolonged applause. He stood, seemingly on the verge of tears, as the ovation continued.::::::::Vickers was also singled out by Harper in his remarks to Parliament for his "great work."::::::::In a televised address on Wednesday, Harper sought to reassure and bolster a nation stunned by the attack in the normally placid capital.::::::::"We will not be intimidated. Canada will never be intimidated," Harper said.::::::::He vowed that the attacks will "lead us to strengthen our resolve and redouble our efforts" to keep the country safe and work with Canada's allies to fight terrorists.::::::::::::::::In Washington, President Obama condemned the shootings as "outrageous" and said: "We have to remain vigilant." The U.S. Embassy in Ottawa was locked down as a precaution, and security was tightened at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery, just outside Washington.	
http://time.com/3534194/secret-service-fence-jumper-operation-moonlight/	Secret Service Fence Jumper Shows Agency's Arrogance and Negligence	TIME	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 08:29:59 -0700	Ronald Kessler	secret service;fence jumper shows;agency 's;arrogance;negligence	US-POLITICS-SECURITY-WHITE HOUSE A member of Secret Service walks on the North Lawn of the White Houes on October 2, 2014 in Washington, DC. US President Barack Obama has appointed former Presidential Protective Division (PPD) director Joe ...	Ronald Kessler is the author of The First Family Detail: Secret Service Agents Reveal the Hidden Lives of the Presidents.::::::::At least a dozen times a year, intruders try to jump the White House fence. Many of them succeed. Until Omar Gonzalez penetrated the White House itself, the Secret Service had stopped the intruders before they got inside, as the Secret Service admirably did on Wednesday evening when a Uniformed Division dog took down a fence jumper.::::::::But this recent incident spotlights how foolish it is to keep the White House fence where it is. Many will argue that moving the perimeter to Lafayette Park and closing off access to the public along Pennsylvania Avenue somehow shuts down access to the president. But no one has access to the president without an appointment and being cleared by the Secret Service. The public sees the president almost every day on television. The idea that our rights will somehow be impinged upon by making the White House safer is a myth.::::::::However, the latest incident underscores how important it is to overhaul the Secret Service and its management culture that fosters cutting corners. A report issued this week by the Department of Homeland Security’s Inspector General brings that into vivid focus. The report describes how Secret Service management as part of Operation Moonlight diverted agents on the so-called Prowler team from protecting President Obama at the White House to instead protecting Lisa Chopey, the assistant to then Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan, at her home in southern Maryland.::::::::As first reported in my book The First Family Detail, the agents who were diverted to protect Chopey also retrieved confidential law enforcement records on Chopey’s neighbor who had allegedly harassed her. But neither the Secret Service nor the FBI has the authority to protect its own employees. Only when a federal law enforcement officer is threatened or retaliated against as a result of an investigation does such action become a federal offense. As a support employee, Chopey is not a law enforcement officer and was not engaged in an investigation. Thus, retrieving 13 pages of records on the neighbor violated federal criminal laws because the agents had no legitimate law enforcement authority to conduct an investigation of this nature (a point the DHS report failed to note).::::::::Also left unsaid in the DHS report was that one of the purposes of the Prowler team is to look for possible snipers as Marine One lifts off with the president from the White House grounds. On July 1, 2011, Obama and his family left in the helicopter in the late afternoon to go to Camp David, but the Prowler team was nowhere to be found. Instead, the team had been diverted to protect Chopey in southern Maryland.::::::::As if that is not shocking enough, the DHS report quotes Secret Service management and former director Sullivan as defending the decision to divert agents from protecting the president. They claimed the diversion did not impinge on the president’s safety. That, along with the comment by former Secret Service Director Julia Pierson that Secret Service uniformed officers exercised “tremendous restraint” in not taking out Gonzalez even though he penetrated the White House, pinpoints both the arrogance and the negligence of the Secret Service today.::::::::The Secret Service agents involved in Operation Moonlight were fully aware that they were breaking the law, but they felt that their jobs were on the line, a Secret Service agent who asked not to be quoted by name for fear of reprisals told me for the book. The agents “obtained all this information illegally and kept it and were told not to talk about it outside the squad,” the agent says. “They kept records at the duty desk and made agents on every shift initial that they had gone all the way out to southern Maryland to check on the woman’s welfare on the taxpayer dollar.”::::::::DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson has appointed a four-person panel to recommend security improvements at the White House and to suggest a new director. One development the panel should explore are so-called non-lethal weapons such as ear-splitting sound and high-energy beams that are used to protect our nuclear facilities. And the panel should recommend an outside director such as a former FBI official to change the management culture that encourages cover-ups and brazenly defends the indefensible.::::::::This time, the Secret Service succeeded in apprehending a fence jumper. The next time, it may not. It took the assassination of President Kennedy to substantially upgrade the Secret Service the last time. It should not take another tragedy to reform the Secret Service now.::::::::Ronald Kessler, a former Washington Post and Wall Street Journal investigative reporter, is the author of The First Family Detail: Secret Service Agents Reveal the Hidden Lives of the Presidents.	
http://online.wsj.com/articles/party-preparations-senate-maneuvering-begins-1414006013	Party Preparations: Senate Maneuvering Begins	Wall Street Journal	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 07:48:01 -0700	Kristina Peterson Wsj Com;Kristina Peterson	preparations;maneuvering begins	Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, left, and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell could be in for a role reversal. European Pressphoto Agency. By. Kristina Peterson. Kristina Peterson. The Wall Street Journal. CANCEL. BiographyKristina Peterson ...	WASHINGTON—With Republicans looking increasingly likely to take control of the Senate, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are already considering how they will operate in the chamber if the levers of power are reversed.::::::::For Republicans, the prospect of controlling the Senate is sparking an early debate over whether to change the rules of the road, particularly those guiding nominations and the budget. Such rule changes are arcane...	
http://www.bidnessetc.com/27845-apple1-relic-sold-for-905000-in-auction/	Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) News Analysis: Apple-1 Relic Sold for $905,000 In Auction	Bidness ETC	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 08:21:59 -0700	Larry Darrell	apple;nasdaq;aapl;analysis;apple-1 relic sold;auction	Apple-1, one of the few remaining first-batch computers assembled by Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs, founders of Apple Inc. (AAPL), was sold for a staggering $905,000 in an auction held at New York yesterday. The auction house, Bonhams, had initially ...	Apple-1, one of the few remaining first-batch computers assembled by Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs, founders of Apple Inc. (AAPL), was sold for a staggering $905,000 in an auction held at New York yesterday. The auction house, Bonhams, had initially expected the device to fetch a price between the range of $300,000 and $500,000. Apple-1 was the first product on the path to success for the Cupertino-based technology giant in 1976. Apple Inc., known for its innovation and design, ended up becoming the most valuable company in the world with products like iMac, iPad, and the iPhone.::::::::In June 2012, an Apple-1 machine was sold for  $374,500 in a Sotheby’s auction. Another one was bought by an anonymous entrepreneur in Germany, for $671,000 in May 2013.::::::::Back in 1976, Steve Jobs supplied 50 machines to fill an order placed by Paul Terrell, owner of a retail store named Byte Shop. At that time, Mr. Jobs sold Apple-1 for $500, which he later retailed for $666.66 apiece. Following this sale, the founder assembled another batch of 150 machines, which were sold to a few buyers of the small company at the time. The rest as they say is history, as these sales sparked out to form a billion-dollar home-computing industry. These machines, which were manufactured around 38 years ago, are now being sold at around 1,800 times their original price due to the significance they hold in the history of computing.::::::::The machine auctioned out by Bonhams’ was known to be in perfect working condition, with no modifications made to its motherboard. As described on the auction house website, the machine includes a vintage keyboard, pre-7400 series military spec chips, and a custom power supply enclosed in a wooden box. The machine was bought by the Henry Ford Organization, which has made the purchase with the intent to put the machine on display as an artifact in a Michigan museum. Patrica Mooradian, President of the Henry Ford Organization said: "The Apple-1 was not only innovative, but it is a key artifact in the foundation of the digital revolution."	
http://www.latimes.com/world/asia/la-fg-facebook-ceo-mark-zuckerberg-speaks-chinese-20141023-story.html	Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg speaks Chinese in Beijing visit	Los Angeles Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 08:22:30 -0700	Los Angeles Times	facebook;mark zuckerberg;beijing	Facebook has been blocked by Chinese authorities for over five years, but company founder Mark Zuckerberg appears to be on a new charm offensive to crack the massive market. In a move that has sent tongues wagging across China and around the globe, ...	Facebook has been blocked by Chinese authorities for over five years, but company founder Mark Zuckerberg appears to be on a new charm offensive to crack the massive market. In a move that has sent tongues wagging across China and around the globe, Zuckerberg on Wednesday showed off his nascent Chinese language skills in Beijing by participating in a 30-minute question-and-answer session conducted entirely in Mandarin.::::::::Speaking to a group of students at China’s prestigious Tsinghua University, Zuckerberg opened his remarks by greeting everyone in Mandarin with “Dajia hao,” (“Hello everyone”). The audience exploded with claps and cheers even before he could finish.::::::::“My Chinese is very bad, but I’ll try to use Chinese today,” the 30-year-old billionaire said.::::::::“Mark, everyone is very shocked that you can speak Chinese,” said the host, who introduced Zuckerberg in English. “Can you tell us why you wanted to learn Chinese?”::::::::Zuckerberg responded in a form familiar to many Chinese officials, who like to use “first, second and third” when talking to the public. “First, my wife is Chinese. Her family speaks Chinese and her grandma only speaks Chinese. I wanted to communicate with them,” he said. “When Priscilla and I decided to get married, I told her grandma our decision in Chinese. She was really shocked.”::::::::In 2010, Zuckerberg announced on his Facebook page that learning Mandarin was his personal challenge for the year.::::::::Several news accounts at the time said he took morning lessons at his kitchen table with a tutor. Zuckerberg’s wife, Priscilla Chan, whom he met at Harvard University and married in 2012, grew up in the United States as the daughter of immigrants and spoke Cantonese at home.::::::::During the Q&A session, Zuckerberg said that language is the best way to understand another culture and that he wants to know more about the Chinese culture. And, he said, he loves the challenge of learning a tongue as difficult as Mandarin, a tonal language.::::::::Though Zuckerberg struggled at times to find the precise words to express himself and frequently bungled his tones, he was able to get his points across to the audience, which cheered him repeatedly.::::::::He talked about Facebook’s plans to hire more students from China next year and said he had eaten dinner the night before with Lei Jun, chief executive of fast-growing Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi.::::::::When asked about Facebook's plans in China, Zuckerberg said the company already has a presence in the country, focused on helping Chinese companies grow in the international market through advertising on the social networking site. And, he said, he’s also looking to work with more Chinese cities to help them launch introductory pages on Facebook.::::::::But Zuckerberg didn’t touch the most sensitive and most pressing topic: whether Facebook’s service would be available in China someday. Facebook has been blocked since July 2009, when a violent riot in western China’s Xinjiang province killed almost 200 people. China’s Communist Party authorities said rioters had used foreign social media websites such as Facebook and Twitter to organize their attack; Twitter is also blocked in mainland China.::::::::As the role of Twitter, Facebook and other Western social media services in drawing together demonstrators during the Arab Spring became clear, Chinese authorities clamped down even harder on such services, tightening their grip on social media websites run by domestic companies, including Sina and Tencent.::::::::In addition to machine-based censoring, such as blocking of keywords, thousands of human censors are deployed in China each day to filter and delete content deemed “dangerous or harmful” on Chinese social media services such as Weibo and WeChat. During the recent pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong, the Chinese government blocked Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook that had been available here.::::::::Although Zuckerberg was not pressed for details on whether the Facebook block may ever be lifted, his visit to China is just the latest sign that the company is working toward bolstering its presence in the Chinese market and finding new opportunities here.::::::::In July, Bloomberg News reported that Facebook signed a three-year lease last spring to rent more than 8,600 square feet of office space in Beijing’s central business district. This week, Zuckerberg was named a board member of China’s top business school, Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management, the scene of the Q&A session.::::::::Zuckerberg joined the board along with IBM Chief Executive Virginia Rometty and Carlos Brito, chief executive of Anheuser-Busch InBev. Given that the business school board has extensive connections to China’s central government and serves as a network and meeting ground for influential policymakers and international businesspeople, Zuckerberg may find the role useful for finding new avenues to discuss his company’s access to the Chinese market.::::::::As of September, the number of Internet users in China has topped 1 billion, government data show, and 870 million access the Web on mobile devices. Major American technology companies such as Facebook and Apple are desperately trying to strengthen their foothold in the massive market.::::::::Zuckerberg’s visit to the Middle Kingdom this week coincides with a China “road trip” by Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook, who met with Chinese deputy prime minister Ma Kai on Wednesday in Beijing at the Zhongnanhai government headquarters compound. Among the topics the two covered was user data security, the official New China News Agency reported.::::::::Cook’s visit came in a week when Chinese users of Apple’s iCloud service reportedly faced man-in-the-middle attacks through a fake certificate. Technical analysis by Internet security experts suggested that the attack originated from China.::::::::Video clips of Zuckerberg’s talk made big headlines in China and circulated widely on services such as WeChat. But some Chinese Internet users expressed frustration over all the ballyhoo concerning Zuckerberg -- given that Facebook remains essentially invisible to anyone in mainland China who doesn’t use VPN software to scale the country’s so-called Great Firewall.	
http://www.business-standard.com/article/pti-stories/blast-kills-two-in-pakistan-s-southwest-114102300439_1.html	Blast kills two in Pakistan's southwest	Business Standard	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:54:04 -0700	Press Trust Of India	blast;pakistan	At least two soldiers were killed and 14 others injured in a roadside bombing in Pakistan's volatile Balochistan province today, police said. A vehicle of paramilitary Frontier Corps (FC) was targeted with remote controlled bomb on Qambrani Road in provincial ...	At least two soldiers were killed and 14 others injured in a roadside bombing in Pakistan's volatile province today, police said. :::::::::::::::: A vehicle of paramilitary Frontier Corps (FC) was targeted with remote controlled bomb on Qambrani Road in provincial capital Quetta. :::::::::::::::: Unidentified gunmen opened indiscriminate fire following the blast that hit the FC vehicle. :::::::::::::::: Senior police official Imran Qureshi said that the bomb was planted on the roadside and detonated through a remote-controlled device when a convoy of the Frontier Corps was passing by. :::::::::::::::: "Two civilians were killed and 14 people including two FC soldiers injured," he said. :::::::::::::::: No group has claimed responsibility for the attack but Baloch nationalists often target the security forces in the restive province. :::::::::::::::: It was second violent attack in the city after gunmen killed eight people of Hazara Shiite community.	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/life/people/2014/10/23/galifianakis-pitt-between-two-ferns/17767977/	Zach Galifianakis interviews 'Bradley Pitts'	USA TODAY	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 07:20:39 -0700	Edt October;A M	zach galifianakis;interviews 'bradley;pitts	Folks, it's almost the end of the week, and as such, we bring you the best thing we've seen in a very long time: Zach Galifianakis interviewing this guy named "Bradley Pitts," who's starring in a movie called Furry, on his Funny or Die show, Between Two Ferns .	Folks, it's almost the end of the week, and as such, we bring you the best thing we've seen in a very long time: interviewing this guy named "Bradley Pitts," who's starring in a movie called Furry, on his show, .::::::::At one point, Galifianakis opines that he's confused that Pitt seems to play Nazi haters because, he says, "You look like Hitler's dream."::::::::"I understand the conundrum of it all," says Pitt.	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-markets-stocks-idUSKCN0IC18B20141023	Wall Street jumps 1 percent in broad rally on results	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 08:19:31 -0700		wall;street jumps;broad rally	NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks surged on Thursday, with major indexes up more than 1 percent in a broad rally as strong results, including from two Dow components, reassured investors that corporations continue to fare well despite concerns about ...	Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange October 22, 2014.::::::::The advance continued a recent bout of strength for equities. The S&P 500 has posted a gain of 0.9 percent or more in four of the past five sessions, taking it within 2.8 percent of its record close. After a four-week string of declines, the S&P is up 3.6 percent this week, putting it on track for its biggest weekly advance since January 2013.::::::::The CBOE Volatility index .VIX was down 10.5 percent at 15.98. The "fear index" is off 27 percent this week, on track for its biggest weekly decline since January 2013.::::::::Shares of both Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N) and 3M Co (MMM.N) rose following their results. Caterpillar, which also raised its full-year profit view, was up 5.2 percent at $99.52 while 3M added 6 percent to $147.34. The S&P industrial sector .SPLRCI rose 2.2 percent as one of the biggest advancing sectors on the day.::::::::"It’s good to see good numbers in any company, but if we’re looking at headwinds like currency and slowing global growth, seeing multinationals like Caterpillar and 3M post solid beats gives us confidence that economic growth is holding on and probably better than the market is currently expecting," said Phil Orlando, chief equity market strategist at Federated Investors in New York.::::::::On the downside, AT&T Inc (T.N) fell 2.6 percent to $33.60 a day after reporting weaker-than-expected revenue growth. The results pressured the telecom sector .SPLRCL, which lost 1.4 percent as the only one of the ten primary S&P 500 sectors down on the day.::::::::Yelp Inc (YELP.N) slumped 16 percent to $58.90 on heavy volume a day after giving a revenue outlook that was below expectations. The outlook prompted many analysts to cut their price targets on the stock.::::::::This season has largely been a positive one for companies. With 35 percent of the S&P 500 having reported, 69.5 percent have exceeded profit expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data, above the long-term average of 63 percent.::::::::Jobless claims rose by 17,000 in the latest week, in line with expectations, while the underlying trend remained consistent with a firming labor market.::::::::At 10:56 a.m. the Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 255.15 points, or 1.55 percent, to 16,716.47, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 27.56 points, or 1.43 percent, to 1,954.67 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 73.45 points, or 1.68 percent, to 4,456.30.::::::::Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 2,494 to 440, for a 5.67-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 2,054 issues rose and 473 fell for a 4.34-to-1 ratio.::::::::The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 32 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 39 new highs and 23 new lows.	
http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/uk-nigeria-violence-girls-idUKKCN0IC1XH20141023	Suspected Boko Haram fighters kidnap 25 girls from northeast Nigeria	Reuters UK	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 08:53:58 -0700		suspected boko haram;fighters kidnap;nigeria	YOLA Nigeria (Reuters) - Suspected Boko Haram militants kidnapped at least 25 girls in an attack on a remote town in northeastern Nigeria, witnesses to the attack said, despite talks aimed at freeing more than 200 other female hostages the militants seized ...	YOLA Nigeria (Reuters) - Suspected Boko Haram militants kidnapped at least 25 girls in an attack on a remote town in northeastern Nigeria, witnesses to the attack said, despite talks aimed at freeing more than 200 other female hostages the militants seized in April.::::::::John Kwaghe, who witnessed the attack and lost three daughters to the abductors, and Dorathy Tizhe, who lost two, said the attackers came late in the night, forcing all the women to go with them, then later releasing the older ones.	
http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/harford/belair/bs-md-white-house-20141022-story.html	Bel Air man previously threatened to jump White House fence, records show	Baltimore Sun	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:04:37 -0700	Baltimore Sun;The Baltimore Sun	bel;air man;white house fence	The Bel Air man who jumped over the White House fence on Wednesday had threatened to do so in a July incident where he scaled a nearby security barrier, according to court records. Secret Service officials said 23-year-old Dominic Adesanya climbed ...	The Bel Air man who jumped over the White House fence on Wednesday had threatened to do so in a July incident where he scaled a nearby security barrier, according to court records.::::::::Secret Service officials said 23-year-old Dominic Adesanya climbed White House's north fence about 7:15 p.m. Wednesday. He was apprehended shortly thereafter and was unarmed. Adesanya was taken to a hospital for evaluation, spokesman Brian Leary said.::::::::Court records show Adesanya had threatened to jump the fence of the president's residence back on July 27 when he was charged with unlawful entry, after jumping over a security barrier marked "restricted area do not enter" near the intersection of East Executive Avenue and E Street in Washington.::::::::He told authorities at the time that "the first barrier he had jumped over was easy and that the next fence to the south grounds of the White House would not be a problem as well," according to charging documents.::::::::Adesanya told officers that he was there because he was "being targeted due to his race by the Rothchild family who owned the federal reserve bank," and said that he "wanted the cameras that were placed in his house removed," according to the documents.::::::::Three days later, Adesanya was charged again on July 30 for assaulting police officers. Charging documents said he was standing outside the entry post to the U.S. Treasury Building where he was yelling, "I want my check and stop watching me," according to charging documents.::::::::When officers told him that he did not have a pass or an appointment and tried to get him to leave, he "took up a fighting stance with raised hands, clinched fists and began yelling 'I'm not leaving until I get my check'" and began swinging his arms.::::::::During the scuffle, several officers suffered several scraps and cuts. Adesanya was taken to a local hospital for a medical evaluation for his injuries.::::::::On the July 27 incident, Adesanya was charged with unlawful entry, and on July 30, he was charged with four counts of assaulting a police officer and unlawful entry. He failed to show up for his September court date, online records show.::::::::In Wednesday's security breach, Adesanya is charged with two felony counts of assault on a K-9 police officer, one felony count of making threats and four misdemeanor counts of resisting and unlawful entry, a Secret Service spokesman said. K-9 refers to the team using specially trained dogs.::::::::Surveillance video showed agents surrounding him on the north lawn of the White House, which was put on lockdown for about 90 minutes. It also showed him punch a Secret Service dog as it came at him. Two Secret Service dogs were taken to a veterinarian for treatment after the incident, said Leary, the Secret Service spokesman.::::::::Adesanya was a transfer student at Stevenson University, which he attended for less than a year before leaving in December 2013, a school spokesman said. He is listed as a freshman sprinter on the university's 2012-13 men's track and field roster, and an item on the school's athletics department website said he placed fourth in a 400-meter race and competed in a 4x400 relay at the May 2013 MAC Outdoor Track & Field Championships.::::::::The incident comes about a month after an intruder armed with a knife scaled the White House fence and made it inside the executive mansion, raising questions about security levels at the heavily guarded complex and spurring the resignation of Julia Pierson, then the director of the Secret Service.::::::::The latest White House security breach happened the same day that a gunman attacked Canada's parliament in Ottawa.::::::::No one could be reached for comment at a number listed for Adesanya's Bel Air home.::::::::Reuters and Sun reporter Jessica Anderson contributed to this article.	
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/23/us-islamic-state-earns-1m-month-in-black-market-oil-sales/	US: Islamic State earns $1M per day in black market oil sales	Fox News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:01:53 -0700		islamic;$ 1m;black market oil sales	The U.S. Treasury Department says Islamic State (IS) militants are earning about $1 million a day just from black market oil sales. The official who leads the department's effort to undermine the group's financial strength says IS also has taken in at least $20 ...	The U.S. Treasury Department says Islamic State (IS) militants are earning about $1 million a day just from black market oil sales.::::::::The official who leads the department's effort to undermine the group's financial strength says IS also has taken in at least $20 million in ransom payments this year from kidnappings.::::::::David Cohen, the Treasury undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence, says the group takes in several million dollars a month from wealthy donors, and from extortion rackets and other criminal activities, such as robbing banks.::::::::Cohen says that except for state-sponsored terrorist groups, the Islamic State group is probably the best-funded terrorist organization the Treasury Department has ever confronted.::::::::"It is difficult to get precise revenue estimates on the value to ISIL of these transactions in light of the murky nature of the market, but we estimate that beginning in mid-June, ISIL has earned approximately $1 million a day from oil sales," Cohen said, using an acronym for the group.::::::::The group wants to create a caliphate, or Islamic empire, in the Middle East. Led by Iraqi militant Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the Islamic State group initially tried to oust Syrian President Bashar Assad, but other groups, including Al Qaeda central command, turned against IS because of its brutality.::::::::IS has captured territory across Syria and northern Iraq.::::::::"With the important exception of some state-sponsored terrorist organizations, IS is probably the best-funded terrorist organization we have confronted," Cohen, undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence, said in prepared remarks for a speech at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.::::::::Unlike the core Al Qaeda terrorist network, IS gets only a relatively small share of funding from deep-pocket donors and therefore does not depend primarily on moving money across international borders. Instead, IS obtains the vast majority of its revenues through local criminal and terrorist activities, Cohen said.::::::::"They rob banks. They lay waste to thousands of years of civilization in Iraq and Syria by looting and selling antiquities," he said. "They steal livestock and crops from farmers. And despicably, they sell abducted girls and women as sex slaves."	
http://www.9and10news.com/story/26874560/feedback-at-500-student-athletes-and-grades	Feedback at 5:00: Student Athletes and Grades	9\u002610 News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 08:47:28 -0700		feedback;athletes;grades	A new report looking at the University of North Carolina shows more than 3,000 students earned good grades they didn't deserve. The scandal spans 20 years and covers more than 1,400 students, half of them were athletes. Students in these fake classes ...	A new report looking at the University of North Carolina shows more than 3,000 students earned good grades they didn't deserve.::::::::The scandal spans 20 years and covers more than 1,400 students, half of them were athletes.::::::::Students in these fake classes didn't go to class, didn't take notes, didn't have to stay awake and didn't have to meet with professors.::::::::Students just had to write one paper, graded by an office administrator.::::::::Five counselors in the Athletic Department admitted their involvement. Coaches claim they never knew this was happening.::::::::This scandal raises the question of whether or not student athletes should receive special treatment when it comes to grades.::::::::Do you think athletes should get special treatment when it comes to grades? It's tonight's Feedback at 5:00.	
http://online.wsj.com/articles/u-s-jobless-claims-rise-to-283-000-1414067672	U.S. Jobless Claims Remain Near 14-Year Lows	Wall Street Journal	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 07:23:09 -0700	Jonathan House;Jonathan House Wsj Com	u.s. jobless;remain near;lows	A recruiter talks with a job seeker at a career fair in New York City on May 13, 2014. Bloomberg News. WASHINGTON—The number of new claims for jobless benefits rose last week but remained near 14-year lows, the latest sign of an improving labor market.	WASHINGTON—The number of new claims for jobless benefits rose last week but remained near 14-year lows, the latest sign of an improving labor market.::::::::Initial claims for unemployment benefits increased by 17,000 to a seasonally adjusted 283,000 in the week ended Oct. 18, the Labor Department said Thursday. That was slightly above the 282,000...	
http://daytonatimes.com/2014/10/23/democrats-bash-obama-yet-want-black-vote/	Democrats bash Obama yet want Black vote	Daytona Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 06:42:18 -0700		obama;black	Here are a few election-time questions to think over: Why in the world do Democrats think they can bash President Obama and his policies and still win Black votes? Why should Black voters be motivated to turn out after months of watching Democrats bash ...		
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-health-ebola-usa-idUSKCN0IC1VN20141023	Six in quarantine in Connecticut as U.S. steps up Ebola checks	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 08:33:35 -0700	Richard Weizel	connecticut;u.s.;ebola	WEST HAVEN, Conn. (Reuters) -. Connecticut placed six West Africans who recently arrived in the United States under quarantine for possible Ebola exposure, a move that comes as the United States starts new restrictions on those coming from the countries ...	1 of 3. A U.S. Coast Guard Corpsman working with the Office of Field Operations checks the temperature of a traveler who has recently traveled to either Guinea, Sierra Leone, or Liberia in this handout picture from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection taken at Washington Dulles International Airport October 16, 2014.::::::::Connecticut placed six West Africans who recently arrived in the United States under quarantine for possible Ebola exposure, a move that comes as the United States starts new restrictions on those coming from the countries hardest hit by the deadly virus.::::::::The family of six West Africans, who arrived Saturday and were planning to live in the United States, will be watched for 21 days, Connecticut state health authorities said Thursday. Officials have yet to say where the family came from.::::::::Fears about the spread of Ebola, which has killed nearly 4,900 people largely in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, have surmounted in the United States since the first man diagnosed with the disease was hospitalized in Texas late in September. He died on Oct. 8, after 11 days of care.::::::::Numerous local health authorities have launched similar quarantines or watches on those who have been to Ebola-hit countries, though no other infections have been found through these measures. The virus is spread through direct contact with bodily fluids from an infected person and is not airborne.::::::::The crisis is forcing the U.S. healthcare system to consider withholding some medical interventions because they are too dangerous to doctors and nurses and unlikely to help a patient.::::::::Officials from at least three hospital systems interviewed by Reuters said they were considering whether to avoid some procedures or leave it up to individual doctors to determine whether an intervention would be performed.::::::::Two nurses at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital were infected with the virus after treating Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan, who contracted the disease in West Africa and was the first patient diagnosed with Ebola in the United States.::::::::The cause of their exposure has not been determined but the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has said that intubating the patient and giving him dialysis may have increased the risk of spreading the disease.::::::::The CDC said on Wednesday that 66 people, who are thought to have had contact with Duncan, have cleared the 21-day monitoring period after showing a clear bill of health, while another 108 were still under surveillance.::::::::One of the infected nurses, Nina Pham, is in good condition at a National Institutes of Health hospital in Bethesda, Maryland. The family of the other nurse, Amber Vinson, said in a statement Wednesday that health officials were "no longer able to detect virus in her body."::::::::Ebola fears have also touched one of the world's most reclusive countries, North Korea, which will bar entry to tourists from Friday because of worries over the spread of the deadly virus, tour operators told Reuters.::::::::From Wednesday, travelers to the United States from Liberia, Sierra Leone or Guinea were being funneled through one of five major U.S. airports conducting increased screening for the virus.::::::::Six states account for nearly 70 percent of all travelers arriving from the affected countries: New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, New Jersey and Georgia. The new monitoring will begin in those states first and will be expanded to other states.	
http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/world/north-korean-detainee-jeffrey-fowle-arrives-in-us-after-kim-jonun-issues-special-dispensation/story-fni0xs61-1227099187389		Herald Sun	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 07:11:47 -0700			Video; Image. American freed by North Korea lands in Ohio. Jeffrey Fowle, one of three Americans detained by North Korea, has arrived in Ohio after being unexpectedly released by the reclusive nation. Rough Cut (no reporter narration). Free ... American ...		
http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/gunman-kills-canadian-soldier-opens-fire-inside-parliament-in-downtown-ottawa/2014/10/22/49a4ca3e-5a23-11e4-b812-38518ae74c67_story.html	Parliament shooting shocks Canada	Washington Post	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:06:54 -0700		canada	OTTAWA — Under heavy guard, Canada's prime minister paid a somber visit Thursday to the site that began a day of horror in the country's capital: A gunman killing an honor guard soldier then opening fire inside the nearby Parliament building. The assault ...	Police say a soldier standing guard at Canada's National War Memorial has been shot by an unknown gunman. The top spokesman for Prime Minister Stephen Harper said Harper was safe and had left Parliament Hill. (AP)::::::::Police say a soldier standing guard at Canada's National War Memorial has been shot by an unknown gunman. The top spokesman for Prime Minister Stephen Harper said Harper was safe and had left Parliament Hill. (AP)::::::::Under heavy guard, Canada’s prime minister paid a somber visit Thursday to the site that began a day of horror in the country’s capital: A gunman killing an honor guard soldier then opening fire inside the nearby Parliament building.::::::::The assault in Ottawa shocked a country that rarely experiences gun violence but has witnessed two attacks on members of its armed forces in recent days. Earlier this week, a soldier was killed in a hit-and-run that authorities have called an act of terrorism. In each case, the soldiers were targeted by individuals who had been barred from traveling abroad by Canadian authorities.::::::::“We will not be intimidated. Canada will never be intimidated,” Prime Minister Stephen Harper said Wednesday night in an address to the nation.::::::::The next morning, Harper and his wife, Laureen, placed a wreath at the war memorial — still encircled by yellow police tape — where the soldier was gunned down to begin hours of fear and confusion. Security forces flooded the streets and the center of Ottawa was placed in the unprecedented lockdown.::::::::Harper then presided over a moment of silence in Parliament for the slain solider. Many of the lawmakers in the chamber had cowered in offices or barricaded doors with furniture Wednesday after the gunman entered the building.::::::::The attacker was identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, a 32-year-old from Montreal, according to two U.S. law enforcement officials. He had recently been designated a “high-risk traveler” by the Canadian government and had his passport seized, the Globe and Mail reported. Later in the day, a U.S. law enforcement official said the gunman, a convert to Islam, had changed his name from Michael Zehaf-Bibeau to Michael Joseph Hall. He was also known as Abdullah Zehaf-Bibeau, the official said.::::::::Shortly before 10 a.m., Zehaf-Bibeau, dressed in black, his face covered by a scarf, shot at point-blank range a soldier guarding the National War Memorial, according to eyewitnesses quoted in the Canadian media. The soldier was identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, a member of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, a reserve force regiment.::::::::“He was an amazing guy,” said Michelle Howlett, 25, of Mississauga, who said she briefly dated Cirillo this summer. “He was a real sweetheart. He had a son and was a real great father. . . . He was an exceptional person. I can’t even believe this.”::::::::After killing Cirillo, the gunman was able to get into the Parliament building and continued to fire, police said. Members of Parliament reported hearing dozens of shots inside the building before the gunman was killed.::::::::The 58-year-old sergeant-at-arms in Parliament shot and killed the gunman just outside caucus rooms used by lawmakers, Parliament member Craig Scott posted on Twitter.::::::::In the wake of the gunfire, Parliament Hill was locked down and officials cautioned people in downtown Ottawa to remain indoors, away from windows and off of rooftops as waves of police officers and military vehicles scoured the streets.::::::::Although authorities would not say in the hours after the shooting whether they knew of additional suspects, they asked the public to stay away from downtown and stressed that they were slowly and methodically searching the area.::::::::“Today is a sad and tragic day for our city and our country,” Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson said during a news conference Wednesday afternoon.::::::::The lockdown on Parliament Hill continued well into the evening.::::::::Ottawa police said shortly before 8:30 p.m. that they had lifted the safety perimeter that had been in place downtown.::::::::“The ongoing police investigation in the downtown core has determined that there no longer exists a threat to public safety in the area,” the Ottawa Police Service said in a statement.::::::::Police said authorities remained on Parliament Hill, where the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) is investigating the shooting, and the hill remained off-limits to the public.::::::::Yellow crime-scene tape surrounded the war memorial, and a makeshift shrine had started to build up around a traffic sign pole. Someone had wrapped a red-and-white Canadian maple leaf flag around the pole. And others had left flowers and candles and two handwritten signs. One said, “Canada — we will stand on guard for thee just as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo did. . . . with love.” The other: “Will not be scared, and will continue to love.”::::::::Several students at the nearby University of Ottawa, which was on lockdown most of the day, tried to see what had been keeping them indoors. “I wonder how this will change things,” said Morgan Bell, 19, a French literature and Canadian studies student. “Tomorrow, it will be a new Canada.”::::::::Ottawa Hospital treated and discharged three people injured in the shooting for gunshot wounds and other wounds, spokeswoman Hazel Harding said.::::::::The attack came as a large number of government leaders, including Harper, were inside Parliament. It is unclear whether they were targets. Harper met with cabinet ministers Wednesday night to discuss the shooting, his office reported.::::::::Harper was quickly removed from the scene, a spokesman for his office said in a statement. Other lawmakers and officials remained locked down and shared reports of what they were seeing and hearing on social media.::::::::Tony Clement, a member of Parliament, tweeted that he heard “at least 30 shots” during a meeting in the building.::::::::A video captured inside the building showed law enforcement officials carefully moving through a sunlit hallway before at least 20 gunshots are heard in an exchange of gunfire.::::::::Illustrating the confusion Wednesday morning, police said there was also a shooting near the Rideau Center, a mall in the vicinity. But a short time later, they reversed course and said that no shooting had occurred at the mall.::::::::Canada heightened its terrorism alert recently, but it was unclear whether there was any warning before Wednesday’s shooting.::::::::“It caught us by surprise,” Gilles Michaud, assistant commissioner of the RCMP, said during the news conference.::::::::Canadian authorities did not immediately tie the attack to terrorism. But it came two weeks after Parliament voted in favor of Canadian participation in the U.S.-led coalition’s campaign against Islamic State militants in Iraq, and only days after a person — called a “radicalized” Canadian convert to Islam by the RCMP — struck two members of the Canadian military with his car in a Quebec parking lot, killing one of them.::::::::The driver, named by authorities as Martin Couture-Rouleau, 25, was killed by police after a high-speed chase.::::::::Police said Couture-Rouleau had been on a list of people being monitored by authorities as part of ongoing national security investigations. They said his passport was seized in June when he was prevented from boarding a commercial airliner to travel to Turkey, a route frequently used by militant recruits heading to Syria. Officials said they did not have sufficient cause to arrest him at that time.::::::::The two attacks this week followed an Oct. 7 vote in Canada’s Parliament authorizing Harper to send Canadian forces to Iraq, where the United States, along with Persian Gulf and European allies, is conducting airstrikes against the militants in support of Iraqi security forces.::::::::In a speech to lawmakers, Harper said that Canada would not deploy ground troops and noted that the Islamic State “has specifically targeted Canada and Canadians” and vowed “that we should not feel secure, even in our homes.”::::::::“It would be convenient to dismiss such statements as the mere rambling of lunatics, were it not for the fact that ISIL’s deeds have been fully in line with its words,” said Harper, using another name for the Islamic State.::::::::Canada was also a major participant in the international coalition in Afghanistan, where 158 of its soldiers were killed.::::::::President Obama spoke with Harper on Wednesday, condemning the attacks and offering assistance.::::::::“Obviously, the situation there is tragic,” Obama said.::::::::Obama said it was unclear whether the shooting was “part of a broader network or plan” or whether it was the act of a person or a specific group of people.::::::::U.S. officials were in “close touch” with their Canadian counterparts after the shootings Wednesday, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said during a briefing.::::::::Meanwhile, in the wake of the shooting, the U.S. Embassy in Ottawa was temporarily closed and an Ottawa Senators hockey game against the visiting Toronto Maple Leafs, scheduled for Wednesday night, was postponed, the National Hockey League said.::::::::The caution extended across the border, as the FBI urged its agents to stay alert for possible threats.::::::::“Although there is no specific reporting indicating a threat to the United States, as a matter of precaution due to recent events, the FBI has reminded our field offices and government partners to remain vigilant in light of recent calls for attacks against government personnel by terrorist groups and like-minded individuals,” an FBI spokesman said Wednesday.::::::::Berman reported from Washington. Adam Goldman, Karen DeYoung, Julie Tate, Jennifer Jenkins and Katie Zezima in Washington contributed to this report.	
http://www.voanews.com/content/bomb-in-northern-nigeria/2493307.html	Bomb Kills 5 in Northern Nigeria	Voice of America	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 01:14:02 -0700	Voa News	bomb kills;nigeria	A bomb has exploded at a bus station in northeastern Nigeria, killing at least five people and wounding 12 others. There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the blast late Wednesday in Azare. The town in Bauchi state that has seen multiple attacks by ...	A bomb has exploded at a bus station in northeastern Nigeria, killing at least five people and wounding 12 others.::::::::There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the blast late Wednesday in Azare.  The town in Bauchi state that has seen multiple attacks by the militant group Boko Haram in the past six months, targeting banks, police stations and schools.::::::::A police spokesman said the bomb Wednesday left the dead "burned beyond recognition."::::::::A local shopkeeper, Igwe Chimason, told VOA he saw torn clothes on the ground that people said were all that remained of the bomber.::::::::"The person that plant the bomb also died.  He died at the spot, at the scene.  He wanted to plant the bomb inside the (motor) park.  The security in the park chased him outside."::::::::The attack is the latest to hit northern Nigeria since the government announced it had reached a cease-fire deal with Boko Haram last Friday.  Officials have blamed the attacks on "fringe" Boko Haram fighters.::::::::  :::::::: Aides to President Goodluck Jonathan have said the sides will hold talks in Chad on the release of 219 schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram in April.  As of Thursday, there was no indication those talks have begun.::::::::Boko Haram has terrorized Nigeria for the last five years as it tries to turn the north of the country into a conservative Islamic state.  Bombings, gun attacks, and raids on towns and villages have killed thousands of people.	
http://www.cnbc.com/id/102114438	Democrats need some fortunate breaks	CNBC	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 07:13:12 -0700	John Harwood		Early voting in midterm elections has already started in much of the country. And by this stage of a campaign estimated to cost $4 billion, how the votes are likely to fall is coming into focus. Republicans like what they see. Democrats don't. So let's take a look.	President Barack Obama's Democratic Party, which now holds a 55-seat majority in the Senate, can be sure of keeping 45 of them after Election Day. Republicans will hang on to 44 of their 45 seats.::::::::::::::::That leaves 11 close races to settle the outcome.::::::::::::::::Democrats or independents lead in just three of them. Incumbent Sen. Kay Hagan holds a slim advantage over Thom Tillis in North Carolina. Incumbent Sen. Jeanne Shaheen leads Republican Scott Brown in New Hampshire. And business executive Greg Orman—who calls himself an independent but all Democrats are rooting for him—maintains a razor-thin advantage over Republican incumbent Pat Roberts in Kansas.::::::::Republicans lead in eight of these battleground races. In Alaska, Arkansas Colorado and Louisiana, Republican challengers have built steady leads over respective Democratic incumbents Mark Begich, Mark Pryor, Mark Udall and Mary Landrieu. In open seat contests, Joni Ernst has moved ahead of Bruce Braley in Iowa, business executive David Perdue leads Michelle Nunn in Georgia, and ex-Gov. Mike Rounds has the advantage in South Dakota's three-way race. The sole embattled Republican incumbent—Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky—has the edge over Democratic Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes.::::::::If those leads hold, McConnell will lead a 52-seat Republican majority in the Senate next January.::::::::::::::::History tells us some of those leads will NOT hold. Roberts has been making headway against Orman in Kansas, which has elected only Republican senators since FDR's time. Nunn has been moving up in Georgia, where demographic change in recent years has swelled the proportion of Democrat-friendly non-white voters.::::::::Moreover, at least some candidates trailing at the very end are likely to win anyway because their campaigns do a better job of finding and mobilizing potential voters that public pollsters overlook. That's how Democratic Sen. Michael Bennet of Colorado, currently chairman of his party's Senate campaign, won his seat four years ago.::::::::::::::::As a result, Democrats still have a chance to maintain their majority, and with it control of the Senate agenda for the last two years of Obama's presidency. But what we can see at this point makes it clear: They will need more of those fortunate breaks to fall their way than Republicans do.	
http://mdjonline.com/bookmark/25995665-Massive-cheating-scandal-at-UNC-involved-athletes-	Massive cheating scandal at UNC involved athletes	Marietta Daily Journal	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:19:03 -0700	No Comments Yet	massive;unc	University of North Carolina Chancellor Carol Folt, center, addresses the media following a special joint meeting of the University of North Carolina Board of Governors and the UNC-Chapel Hill Board of Trustees in Chapel Hill, N.C., Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014 ...	Kenneth Wainstein, left, lead investigator into academic irregularities at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and investigative team member Joseph Jay prepare to release results following a special joint meeting of the University of North Carolina Board of Governors and the UNC-Chapel Hill Board of Trustees in Chapel Hill, N.C., Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014. (AP Photo/Gerry Broome)::::::::University of North Carolina Chancellor Carol Folt, center, addresses the media following a special joint meeting of the University of North Carolina Board of Governors and the UNC-Chapel Hill Board of Trustees in Chapel Hill, N.C., Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014. From left are, Kenneth Wainstein, lead investigator, University President Tom Ross and Athletic Director Bubba Cunningham at right. (AP Photo/Gerry Broome)::::::::CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (AP) — Bogus classes and automatic A's and B's are at the heart of a cheating scandal at the University of North Carolina that lasted nearly two decades, encompassing about 3,100 students — nearly half of them athletes.::::::::At least nine university employees were fired or under disciplinary review, and the question now becomes what, if anything, the NCAA will do next. Penalties could range from fewer scholarships to vacated wins.::::::::Most of the athletes were football players or members of the school's cherished basketball program, which won three of its five national titles during the scandal (1993, 2005, 2009).::::::::Many at the university hoped the eight-month investigation by former U.S. Justice Department official Kenneth Wainstein would bring some closure. Instead, it found more academic fraud than previous investigations by the NCAA and the school, exposing a "shadow curriculum" run within the former African and Afro-American Studies (AFAM) department from 1993 to 2011.::::::::The UNC case stands out among academic scandals at Harvard, Duke and the Naval Academy, said Howard Gardner, a professor at Harvard's Graduate School of Education who studies cheating.::::::::"I think the existence of fake classes and automatic grades — you might say an athlete track, where essentially you might as well not have the university at all — I think that's pretty extreme. I hope it's pretty extreme," he said.::::::::North Carolina athletic director Bubba Cunningham wouldn't speculate on any possible sanctions.::::::::"We'll work with the NCAA and work through the report with them as part of our ongoing investigation," Cunningham said. "That's going to take some time."::::::::The scandal reached back to the final years of legendary men's basketball coach Dean Smith's tenure, as well as John Swofford's stint as athletic director before becoming Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner.::::::::The NCAA reopened its probe over the summer. Cunningham said the school had no immediate plans to impose its own penalties as it did during an NCAA investigation into the football program that began in 2010.::::::::The school and the NCAA said in a joint statement they would review Wainstein's report "under the same standards that are applied in all NCAA infractions cases." They declined to comment on possible rules violations.::::::::The focus was courses that required only a research paper that was often scanned quickly by a secretary, who gave out high grades regardless of the quality of work. The report also outlined how counselors for athletes steered struggling students to the classes, with two counselors even suggesting grades. Several knew the courses were easy and didn't have an instructor.::::::::Chancellor Carol Folt wouldn't identify the terminated employees or those facing disciplinary review.::::::::"I think it's very clear that this is an academic, an athletic and a university problem," Folt said.::::::::Wainstein's report said it found no evidence of similar problems in other departments. In addition, Hall of Fame men's basketball coach Roy Williams and other current coaches said they were aware there were independent study courses offering easy grades, but they didn't know the classes were fake.::::::::Wainstein said he found no reason not to believe them.::::::::Faculty and administration officials missed or looked past red flags, such as unusually high numbers of independent study course enrollments in the department, the report said.::::::::"By the mid-2000s, these classes had become a primary — if not the primary — way that struggling athletes kept themselves from having eligibility problems," the report said.::::::::Unlike previous inquiries by former Gov. Jim Martin and the school, Wainstein had the cooperation of former department chairman Julius Nyang'oro and retired office administrator Deborah Crowder — the two people at the center of the scandal.::::::::Nyang'oro was indicted in December on a felony fraud charge, though it was dropped after he agreed to cooperate with Wainstein's probe. Crowder was never charged.::::::::It was Crowder who started the paper classes to help struggling students with "watered-down requirements" not long after Nyang'oro became chairman in 1992, according to the report. Though not a faculty member, she registered students for the courses, assigned topics and handed out high grades regardless of the work and also signed Nyang'oro's name to grade rolls.::::::::By 1999, in an apparent effort to work around the number of independent studies students could take, Crowder began offering lecture classes that didn't meet.::::::::After her retirement in 2009, Nyang'oro met requests from football counselors to continue the sham classes and graded papers "with an eye to boosting" a student's grade-point average, according to the report. He stepped down in 2011 as questions were raised.::::::::Beth Bridger, one of the former football counselors named in Wainstein's report, was fired Wednesday as an academic adviser for athletes at the University of North Carolina at Wilmington. A school spokeswoman Janine Iamunno said it would not comment further. Bridger was hired there in January.	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-health-ebola-usa-idUSKCN0IC1VN20141023?feedType%3DRSS%26feedName%3DdomesticNews	Six in quarantine in Connecticut as U.S. steps up Ebola checks	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 08:33:35 -0700	Richard Weizel	connecticut;u.s.;ebola	WEST HAVEN Conn. (Reuters) - Connecticut placed six West Africans who recently arrived in the United States under quarantine for possible Ebola exposure, a move that comes as the United States starts new restrictions on those coming from the countries ...	1 of 3. A U.S. Coast Guard Corpsman working with the Office of Field Operations checks the temperature of a traveler who has recently traveled to either Guinea, Sierra Leone, or Liberia in this handout picture from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection taken at Washington Dulles International Airport October 16, 2014.::::::::Connecticut placed six West Africans who recently arrived in the United States under quarantine for possible Ebola exposure, a move that comes as the United States starts new restrictions on those coming from the countries hardest hit by the deadly virus.::::::::The family of six West Africans, who arrived Saturday and were planning to live in the United States, will be watched for 21 days, Connecticut state health authorities said Thursday. Officials have yet to say where the family came from.::::::::Fears about the spread of Ebola, which has killed nearly 4,900 people largely in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, have surmounted in the United States since the first man diagnosed with the disease was hospitalized in Texas late in September. He died on Oct. 8, after 11 days of care.::::::::Numerous local health authorities have launched similar quarantines or watches on those who have been to Ebola-hit countries, though no other infections have been found through these measures. The virus is spread through direct contact with bodily fluids from an infected person and is not airborne.::::::::The crisis is forcing the U.S. healthcare system to consider withholding some medical interventions because they are too dangerous to doctors and nurses and unlikely to help a patient.::::::::Officials from at least three hospital systems interviewed by Reuters said they were considering whether to avoid some procedures or leave it up to individual doctors to determine whether an intervention would be performed.::::::::Two nurses at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital were infected with the virus after treating Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan, who contracted the disease in West Africa and was the first patient diagnosed with Ebola in the United States.::::::::The cause of their exposure has not been determined but the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has said that intubating the patient and giving him dialysis may have increased the risk of spreading the disease.::::::::The CDC said on Wednesday that 66 people, who are thought to have had contact with Duncan, have cleared the 21-day monitoring period after showing a clear bill of health, while another 108 were still under surveillance.::::::::One of the infected nurses, Nina Pham, is in good condition at a National Institutes of Health hospital in Bethesda, Maryland. The family of the other nurse, Amber Vinson, said in a statement Wednesday that health officials were "no longer able to detect virus in her body."::::::::Ebola fears have also touched one of the world's most reclusive countries, North Korea, which will bar entry to tourists from Friday because of worries over the spread of the deadly virus, tour operators told Reuters.::::::::From Wednesday, travelers to the United States from Liberia, Sierra Leone or Guinea were being funneled through one of five major U.S. airports conducting increased screening for the virus.::::::::Six states account for nearly 70% of all travelers arriving from the affected countries: New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, New Jersey and Georgia. The new monitoring will begin in those states first and will be expanded to other states.	
http://www.csmonitor.com/Innovation/Tech/2014/1023/Mark-Zuckerberg-speaks-Chinese.-Who-knew	Mark Zuckerberg speaks Chinese. Who knew?	Christian Science Monitor	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:09:53 -0700	The Christian Science Monitor;Bryan Cronan	mark zuckerberg;who	Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg conducts a 30-minute question-and-answer session with students from Tsinghua University. We knew he was a tech whiz, but who knew he was also a linguist? Mark Zuckerberg conducted a 30-minute ...	The Facebook founder spoke with students in Chinese at Tsinghua University in Beijing Wednesday.::::::::Marseille's cultural clash: Far right gets unlikely lift in Muslim quarters::::::::We knew he was a tech whiz, but who knew he was also a linguist?::::::::Mark Zuckerberg conducted a 30-minute question-and-answer session entirely in Mandarin Chinese with a group of students from Tsinghua University in Beijing on Wednesday. During the session, Mr. Zuckerberg discussed everything from Chinese innovation to why he is studying Chinese.::::::::“Hello everyone. Thanks for coming,” he told the group in Mandarin, as translated by The New York Times. “I’m very glad to be in Beijing. I love this city. My Chinese is really a mess, but I study using Chinese every day.”::::::::Though his Mandarin is far from perfect, and supposedly spoken with a Shandong accent, his opening statement got a roaring round of applause from students and faculty.::::::::Zuckerberg was at the school after joining the advisory council of Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management earlier this week.::::::::Zuckerberg's been working on his Chinese for a while. He announced on his Facebook page in 2010 that he was going to begin learning Mandarin as a personal challenge. He said learning a language is the best way to learn about another culture, and he wants to learn more about Chinese culture.::::::::Zuckerberg is reportedly had lessons in the morning with a tutor, according to The Los Angeles Times. His wife, Priscilla Chan, whom he married in 2012, is the daughter of immigrants who spoke Cantonese at home. He said he knows more Mandarin words than his wife, but she has better listening comprehension.::::::::“One time I asked her, why is my listening comprehension so bad?” Zuckerberg said. “She said, ‘Your listening comprehension in English is also bad.’”::::::::In China, Western websites like Google and Twitter are blocked because of the government’s concerns about the free flow of information. Facebook has been blocked in China since July 2009 when there was a violent riot in China’s Xingjiang province, where almost 200 people died. During the session, Zuckerberg was asked about the site’s plans on coming to China.::::::::“We’re already in China,” he said. “We help Chinese companies increase foreign customers, they use Facebook ads to find more customers.”::::::::Last spring, Facebook signed a three-year lease on an office space in Beijing’s business district, according to Bloomberg News. Zuckerberg said Facebook has been helping Lenovo advertise in Indonesia, and has worked with some Chinese cities to attract foreign visitors via Facebook.::::::::“We want to help other places in the world connect to China,” he said.::::::::Zuckerberg wasn't the only tech CEO to make their way to China this week. Apple's CEO Tim Cook met with Chinese vice primer Ma Kai to discuss data privacy. The meeting came two days after Chinese hackers, backed by the government, tried to attack Apple's iCloud.::::::::During his trip to China, Mr. Cook went to one of the Foxconn factories in north central China. Apple and Foxconn have come under fire for poor working conditions and employees working excessive hours.::::::::China's first Apple store was opened in 2008, and the country has since become a major market for Apple. During his trip, Cook said, "[I]t’s just a matter of time [before China] become[s] Apple’s biggest revenue contributor.”::::::::After Zuckerberg completed his session with students, he reportedly accessed Facebook's website within Chinese borders.::::::::“When he finished the Q&A, Zuckerberg scaled China’s Great Firewall secretly and posted the video of on his Facebook page,” Zhuang Xiaopi, a Weibo user from Fujian, noted on his account, according to the Los Angeles Times.	
http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/.premium-1.622431	Netanyahu vows to ‘return quiet and security’ to J'lem after attack, slams international ‘weakness’ - Diplomacy and Defense Israel News	Haaretz	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 08:50:51 -0700		netanyahu;j'lem;international ‘weakness’;diplomacy;israel	Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu lashed out Thursday at the international community for “showing weakness” and failing to pressure Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to denounce Wednesday's terror attack in Jerusalem, as well as failing to criticize ...	30 die in attack on Christian village in Central African Republic (DPA)::::::::Israeli AG to ministers: Bill on asylum seekers aiming to bypass High Court must be opposed (Haaretz::::::::Injured Formula One champion Schumacher has made progress, doctor says (Reuters)::::::::Stones thrown at Arab woman in Jewish Quarter in Jerusalem, police searching for suspects (Haaretz)::::::::Mother of Canada shooting suspect: I'm crying for victims, not for my son (AP)	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-canada-attacks-shooting-idUSKCN0IB1PY20141023	Canada's Harper pledges tougher security laws after attack	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:54:00 -0700		canada;harper;security laws	OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper pledged more surveillance and detention powers for security forces in Canada on Thursday after a gunman killed a soldier and raced through parliament before being shot dead. Addressing the ...	1 of 30. Prime Minister Stephen Harper and his wife Laureen Harper pay their respects to Cpl. Nathan Cirillo at the Canada War Memorial in Ottawa October 23, 2014.::::::::Canada's politicians return to work a day after a gunman shot dead a soldier and rampaged through Parliament before being killed.::::::::Addressing the House of Commons just meters from the spot where the gunman, a reported convert to Islam, was shot dead on Wednesday, Harper said lawmakers would expedite new powers to counter the threat of radicals.::::::::"The objective of these attacks was to instill fear and panic in our country," Harper said. "Canadians will not be intimidated. We will be vigilant, but we will not run scared. We will be prudent but we will not panic."::::::::Harper pledged to speed up a plan already under way to bolster Canadian laws and police powers in the areas of "surveillance, detention and arrest."::::::::Harper said the attack - following an incident on Monday when a convert to Islam ran over two Canadian soldiers with his car, killing one - would strengthen Canada's response to "terrorist organizations."::::::::The attacks in Ottawa and Quebec took place as the Canadian government prepared to boost the powers of its spy agency, the Canadian Security Intelligence Service.::::::::Public Safety Minister Stephen Blaney said last week the new legislation would let the agency track and investigate potential terrorists when they travel abroad and ultimately prosecute them.::::::::At the start of parliament's session on Thursday, the guard credited with killing the gunman received a prolonged standing ovation, reopening debate in the House of Commons dressed in his usual ceremonial garb and struggling to maintain composure.::::::::Harper and members of parliament stood in the legislature as Kevin Vickers, Canada's Sergeant-at-Arms, led the traditional parade that opens every session of the House of Commons.::::::::Police arrested a man at gunpoint just steps from the prime minister as Harper and his wife were laying a wreath at the National War Memorial to commemorate the killing of the soldier there, Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, 24.::::::::Police, shouting and with guns drawn, surrounded a man and ordered him to the ground. Ottawa Police said the man was arrested for "disturbing the crime scene" at the war memorial. The man's intent was not immediately clear.::::::::Harper himself was pulled back from the crime scene after he and his wife briefly lifted the crime scene tape and attempted to lay flowers, and then reversed themselves and laid their wreath outside the crime scene.::::::::The tense moment was captured on camera and seen by throngs of people and politicians who had gathered at the war memorial.::::::::Some vowed not to let the shooting mar the Canadian capital's open atmosphere, where government buildings are far more open to the public than in the neighboring United States.::::::::"We have to be very introspective before we make any rash decisions," Peter MacKay, minister of justice, told reporters. "We're not talking about closing off the hill, we're talking about ways we can ensure greater security."::::::::Police said on Thursday they were satisfied that only one person was involved in the attack.::::::::Canadian police were investigating a man named Michael Zehaf-Bibeau as the possible suspect, said a source familiar with the matter. U.S. officials said they had been advised he was a convert to Islam.::::::::The attacks on soldiers in Ottawa and near Montreal took place after Canada announced this month it would send six jets to take part in air strikes against Islamic State fighters who have taken over parts of Iraq and Syria.::::::::A leading British Islamist preacher, Anjem Choudary, rejected assertions he had influenced either attack but warned that Western military involvement in the Middle East could inspire similar attacks. Monday's attacker followed Choudary on Twitter.::::::::"People need to wake up to the reality that their own countries are being dragged into a war far away - the Syrian and Iraqi people are not occupying Britain or Canada - so they are seen as the aggressors," Choudary told Reuters.::::::::Defense Minister Rob Nicholson said Canada's deployment to Iraq would go on unimpeded.::::::::Tighter security was evident all over the sprawling parliamentary zone in downtown Ottawa. Armed Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers stood outside the door where the gunman rushed in on Wednesday.::::::::The flag flying over Parliament's Center Block, where the gunman had burst in on Wednesday morning, was at half mast.::::::::"There was only one gunman," said an RCMP officer who was guarding Parliament Hill early on Thursday.::::::::He said in the confusion on Wednesday morning, witnesses saw things from different angles, suggesting the possibility of a second shooter but videos and further interviews showed this was not the case.::::::::Bullet holes could be seen in the carpet just inside the front door and in the masonry in the hallway where he was shot.::::::::In front of the war memorial, a crowd of about 100 people gathered at the police barricades in front of the war memorial early on Thursday.::::::::"We're devastated that this has happened. I feel terrible for the individual that has lost his life, Cpl. Cirillo," said Stephen Miller, who was standing at the barricades holding a bouquet of flowers.::::::::Asked if he was afraid for his safety being at the monument, Miller said, "Maybe a little but there is no courage without fear."::::::::See map of Ottawa locating the parliament building, attacked by a gunman on Wednesday, and the National War Memorial, where a soldier was killed earlier in the day. link.reuters.com/kuf33w	
http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/uk-nigeria-violence-girls-idUKKCN0IC1XH20141023	Suspected Boko Haram fighters kidnap 25 girls in northeast Nigeria	Reuters UK	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:39:06 -0700	Imma Ande;Isaac Abrak	suspected boko haram;fighters kidnap;nigeria	YOLA/ABUJA (Reuters) - Suspected Boko Haram militants kidnapped at least 25 girls in an attack on a remote town in northeastern Nigeria, witnesses said, despite talks on freeing over 200 other female hostages they seized in April. John Kwaghe, who ...	John Kwaghe, who witnessed the attack and lost three daughters to the abductors, and Dorathy Tizhe, who lost two, said the kidnappers came late in the night, forcing all the women to go with them, then later releasing the older ones.::::::::The attack cast further doubt on government reports that it has secretly reached a temporary ceasefire with the rebels in order to secure the release of more than 200 schoolgirls they are holding hostage.::::::::"We are confused that hours after the so-called ceasefire agreement has been entered between the Federal Government and Boko Haram insurgents, our girls were abducted by the insurgents," Kwaghe said.::::::::"We urge the government to please help rescue our daughters without further delay, as we are ready to die searching."::::::::Nearly a week after the government announced a ceasefire deal with Boko Haram, which it said would include the release of the girls kidnapped from the secondary school in Chibok in northeastern Nigeria in April, there is still no sign of them being freed.::::::::Talks to release the schoolgirls are taking place this week between the government and a Boko Haram representative in the Chadian capital N'Djamena, but they are shrouded in secrecy.::::::::In a separate attack, a bomb exploded late on Wednesday at a bus station in the town of Azare in northern Nigeria's Bauchi state, killing at least five people and wounding 12, police said. They did not comment on who was behind the attack, although Boko Haram is likely to be the prime suspect.::::::::The insurgents have repeatedly bombed public places since launching an uprising demanding an Islamic state in religiously mixed Nigeria five years ago. They have stepped up their campaign this year, setting off deadly blasts across the country that killed hundreds.::::::::They have killed many thousands and are increasingly targeting civilians in violence seen as the biggest threat to the stability of Africa's biggest economy and top oil producer.::::::::"Five persons burned beyond recognition were certified dead, while 12 others sustained various degrees of injuries," Bauchi police spokesman Haruna Mohammed said in a statement.::::::::"The entire surrounding (area) has been cordoned off ... No arrest has yet been made, but an investigation has commenced."::::::::The increasing attacks have raised doubts over the ceasefire, although Boko Haram is so factionalised it is possible a truce has been reached with one group while others continue with violence.::::::::A Chadian diplomat told Reuters that a deal could still be reached if this faction has ultimate control over the girls -- although analysts say that they could be divided between several cooperating factions.::::::::Boko Haram, which only communicates messages via jihadist videos of a man claiming to be its leader Abubakar Shekau, has not yet commented on the alleged ceasefire.	
http://www.claremoreprogress.com/sports/massive-unc-cheating-scandal-involved-athletes/article_8f8e44a0-5ac6-11e4-85d4-e740a0409fa7.html	Massive UNC cheating scandal involved athletes	Claremore Daily Progress	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 08:24:52 -0700		massive unc	CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (AP) — Bogus classes and automatic A's and B's are at the heart of a cheating scandal at the University of North Carolina that lasted nearly two decades, encompassing about 3,100 students - nearly half of them athletes. At least nine ...	At least nine university employees were fired or under disciplinary review, and the question now becomes what, if anything, the NCAA will do next. Penalties could range from fewer scholarships to vacated wins.::::::::Most of the athletes were football players or members of the school's cherished basketball program, which won three of its five national titles during the scandal (1993, 2005, 2009).::::::::"I think the existence of fake classes and automatic grades - you might say an athlete track, where essentially you might as well not have the university at all - I think that's pretty extreme. I hope it's pretty extreme," he said.::::::::"We'll work with the NCAA and work through the report with them as part of our ongoing investigation," Cunningham said. "That's going to take some time."::::::::The NCAA reopened its probe over the summer. Cunningham said the school had no immediate plans to impose its own penalties as it did during an NCAA investigation into the football program that began in 2010.::::::::The school and the NCAA said in a joint statement they would review Wainstein's report "under the same standards that are applied in all NCAA infractions cases." They declined to comment on possible rules violations.::::::::The focus was courses that required only a research paper that was often scanned quickly by a secretary, who gave out high grades regardless of the quality of work. The report also outlined how counselors for athletes steered struggling students to the classes, with two counselors even suggesting grades. Several knew the courses were easy and didn't have an instructor.::::::::Wainstein's report said it found no evidence of similar problems in other departments. In addition, Hall of Fame men's basketball coach Roy Williams and other current coaches said they were aware there were independent study courses offering easy grades, but they didn't know the classes were fake.::::::::"By the mid-2000s, these classes had become a primary - if not the primary - way that struggling athletes kept themselves from having eligibility problems," the report said.::::::::Unlike previous inquiries by former Gov. Jim Martin and the school, Wainstein had the cooperation of former department chairman Julius Nyang'oro and retired office administrator Deborah Crowder - the two people at the center of the scandal.::::::::It was Crowder who started the paper classes to help struggling students with "watered-down requirements" not long after Nyang'oro became chairman in 1992, according to the report. Though not a faculty member, she registered students for the courses, assigned topics and handed out high grades regardless of the work and also signed Nyang'oro's name to grade rolls.::::::::After her retirement in 2009, Nyang'oro met requests from football counselors to continue the sham classes and graded papers "with an eye to boosting" a student's grade-point average, according to the report. He stepped down in 2011 as questions were raised.::::::::Beth Bridger, one of the former football counselors named in Wainstein's report, was fired Wednesday as an academic adviser for athletes at the University of North Carolina at Wilmington. A school spokeswoman Janine Iamunno said it would not comment further. Bridger was hired there in January.	
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/oct/23/isis-best-funded-terrorist-group-earth-treasury/?utm_source%3DRSS_Feed%26utm_medium%3DRSS	Islamic State among 'best-funded' terrorist groups on earth: Treasury Dept.	Washington Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:50:52 -0700	Guy Taylor;The Washington Times Http Www Washingtontimes Com	islamic;terrorist groups;dept	War Loot: Islamic State militants rummage through a cache of weapons airdropped by U.S.-led coalition forces. The weapons were meant to supply Kurdish forces battling the extremist group in Kobani, Syria, but “now they are spoils for the mujahedeen,” one ...	With the exception of a handful of state-sponsored militant groups, the Islamic State is likely the “best-funded terrorist organization” Washington has ever confronted, raising roughly $1 million a day from black market oil sales, $20 million in ransoms over the past year and millions a month through extortion rackets in Syria and Iraq, the Treasury Department’s top official tracking terrorist financing said Thursday.::::::::The extremist group, known by the acronyms ISIS and ISIL, has “grabbed the world’s attention for its outlandish ambitions and astounding brutality, but also for another reason: its substantial wealth.::::::::“ISIL’s primary funding tactics enable it today to generate tens of millions of dollars per month,” said Treasury Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence David S. Cohen.::::::::Mr. Cohen, who spoke at an event hosted by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington on Thursday morning, said that “with the important exception of some state-sponsored terrorist organizations, ISIL is probably the best-funded terrorist organization we have confronted.”::::::::While there was speculation that Mr. Cohen was suggesting that such Iranian government groups as Hezbollah and the Iranian Republican Guard Corps’ special Qods Force are better funded that the al Qaeda-inspired Islamic State, he did not elaborate.::::::::When pressed by The Washington Times on Thursday afternoon, a Treasury Department spokesperson declined to say what specific state-sponsored groups Mr. Cohen was referencing.::::::::Mr. Cohen, meanwhile, sought to downplay the notion that the Islamic State gets significant funding from wealthy Muslim donors in such Persian Gulf nations and U.S. allies as Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and Qatar.::::::::Unlike al Qaeda’s original core group in Pakistan and Afghanistan, he said, “ISIL derives a relatively small share of its funds from deep-pocket donors, and thus does not, today, depend principally on moving money across international borders.”::::::::“Instead, ISIL obtains the vast majority of its revenues through local criminal and terrorist activities,” he said, adding that while there are concerns about individuals using such social media as Twitter to call for donations from wealthy donors, particularly in Kuwait, U.S. officials are optimistic that local partners are sincere about cracking down on such activity.::::::::Mr. Cohen said U.S. officials are in the process of significantly ramping up efforts to disrupt the flow of revenue that ISIL is able to draw from illicit oil smuggling activities.::::::::“We will target for financial sanctions anyone who trades in ISIL’s stolen oil,” Mr. Cohen said, although he acknowledged that the effort is complicated by the reality that ISIL’s oil “moves in illicit networks that are largely outside the formal economy, where individuals are less vulnerable to financial pressure.”::::::::Despite such factors, he said, the Obama administration believes the revenue stream can and will be stemmed.::::::::“At some point,” Mr. Cohen said, ” that oil is acquired by someone who operates in the legitimate economy and who makes use of the financial system — he has a bank account, his business may be financed, his trucks may be insured, his facilities may be licensed.”::::::::Separately, he said a recent wave of U.S.-led airstrikes on oil refineries controlled by the extremists in Syria have succeeded in threatening its supply networks.::::::::But there is evidence that some portion of group’s smuggling schemes remain intact.	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/theoval/2014/10/23/obama-secret-service-fence-jumper-canine-division/17762091/?utm_source%3Dfeedblitz%26utm_medium%3DFeedBlitzRss%26utm_campaign%3Dusatoday-newstopstories	W.H. fence jumper charged with assault, making threats	USA TODAY	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:07:22 -0700	Edt October;P M	w.h;fence jumper	The latest White House fence jumper has been charged with assault of two police dogs and making threats, officials said Thursday, and has had previous run-ins with law enforcement at the executive mansion and elsewhere. Dominic Adesanya, 23, of Bel Air, ...	Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)::::::::00:03 You may already be familiar with Sonny and Bo the::::::::::::::::00:06 Obama's family pets. But meet her keen and Jordan few of::::::::::::::::00:11 the White House's protectors. I'm crawling around bound and this is::::::::::::::::00:14 lifting now for October 23 when he fourteen. When night in::::::::::::::::00:19 intruder scaled the White House spent but he did not get::::::::::::::::00:22 far. He was stopped by hurricane and Jordan to members of::::::::::::::::00:26 the secret services canine unit. The Secret Service has been using::::::::::::::::00:35 the Secret Service. The ducks are gentle enough to be around::::::::::::::::00:38 children like this docking taking his job seriously in a video::::::::::::::::00:41 from training company protection dogs plus. But they are known for::::::::::::::::00:45 chasing down people at this Discovery Channel demonstration shows. Eight take::::::::::::::::00:50 off like bullet that the do you suspect. And they can::::::::::::::::00:53 run. Up to thirty miles an hour. And have a 270.::::::::::::::::00:57 Degree field of vision that's why many Mallon law are used::::::::::::::::01:01 in the military and one dog with even on the team::::::::::::::::01:04 to take down of some of it. Secret Service dog in::::::::::::::::01:07 particular must complete twenty weeks of training with handlers before they::::::::::::::::01:11 can report for duty on average the dogs work until about::::::::::::::::01:15 the age of ten. This Secret Service would not reveal much::::::::::::::::01:18 information about hurricane in Jordan and would not even confirm the::::::::::::::::01:22 dog's breed. But they didn't say that the jobs were treated::::::::::::::::01:25 for minor bruises Wednesday after they were kicked and punched by::::::::::::::::01:29 the fence jumper they stopped. Fortunately both dogs were cleared for::::::::::::::::01:32 duty today and the intruder has been charged with felony assault::::::::::::::::01:36 on a police officer for hurting the dot. This latest White::::::::::::::::01:40 House intrusion is the second one to occur in a month::::::::::::::::01:43 but the first one to use the dot. In the last::::::::::::::::01:46 reached the dogs were not used and that fence jumper got::::::::::::::::01:49 as far as the east through before he was tackled. For::::::::::::::::01:53 more on this story you know again it's USA today dot	
http://www.csmonitor.com/Business/Latest-News-Wires/2014/1023/US-jobless-claims-rise-17K-but-still-lowest-since-2000	US jobless claims rise 17K, but still lowest since 2000	Christian Science Monitor	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:10:02 -0700	The Christian Science Monitor;Lucia Mutikani	us jobless claims rise 17k	Jobless claims filed by American workers rose by 17,000 to 283,000 last week, but the four-week moving average for jobless claims fell to its lowest level since May 2000. By Lucia Mutikani, Reuters October 23, 2014. close. Job seekers with visual ...	Jobless claims filed by American workers rose by 17,000 to 283,000 last week, but the four-week moving average for jobless claims fell to its lowest level since May 2000.::::::::Can astronauts safely go to Mars? Cosmic ray risk increasing.::::::::Marseille's cultural clash: Far right gets unlikely lift in Muslim quarters::::::::Job seekers with visual impairments and potential employers talk at the fourth Annual Job Fair for Individuals with Visual Impairments in Cambridge, Massachusetts October 16, 2014. The number of Americans filing new claims for jobless benefits fell to a 14-year low last week, a positive signal for the labor market that could counter doubts over whether the economy is shifting into a higher gear.::::::::The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits rose last week, but the underlying trend firmly pointed to strengthening labor market conditions.::::::::Initial claims for state unemployment benefits increased 17,000 to a seasonally adjusted 283,000 for the week ended Oct. 18, the Labor Department said on Thursday.::::::::That followed three straight weeks of declines, which had pushed claims to levels last seen in 2000. Last week's increase was in line with economists' expectations.::::::::The four-week moving average of claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, fell to 281,000, the lowest level since May 2000, from a revised 284,000 in the previous week.::::::::"It shows that job creation continued to forge ahead in October," said Jennifer Lee, a senior economist at BMO Capital Markets in Toronto.::::::::Prices for U.S. Treasury debt fell to session lows, while the dollar rose to near a two-week high against the yen. U.S. stock futures were pointing to a higher open.::::::::The claims data covered the week during which the government surveys businesses for October's nonfarm payrolls. The four-week average fell 18,750 between the September and October survey periods, suggesting another month of solid employment gains.::::::::Payrolls increased by 248,000 last month and the jobless rate fell below 6 percent for the first time since July 2008.::::::::The jobless claims report showed the number of people still receiving benefits after an initial week of aid fell 38,000 to 2.35 million in the week ended Oct. 11.::::::::That was the lowest reading for the so-called continuing claims since December 2000, suggesting that some of the long-term unemployed were finding jobs.	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/your-take/2014/10/22/your-take-solar-eclipse-tips/17746401/	Dos and don'ts for watching today's eclipse	USA TODAY	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 07:33:31 -0700	Usa Today;Edt October;P M;Allie Caren	dos;'s eclipse	Get your camera gear and protective filters ready: a partial solar eclipse is due Thursday. A solar eclipse occurs when the moon passes between the Earth and the sun. It's a spectacular sight, and an even better photo opportunity. Here are some tips and ...	Get your camera gear and protective filters ready: a partial solar eclipse is due Thursday. A solar eclipse occurs when the moon passes between the Earth and the sun. It's a spectacular sight, and an even better photo opportunity. Here are some tips and pointers to keep in mind when photographing the solar eclipse.::::::::• Use a solar filter to protect your DSLR camera sensor::::::::• Use protective eyewear, such as welder's glasses::::::::• Use a tripod or mount to avoid a blurry photo::::::::• Set your camera settings before the solar eclipse — test those settings on a non-eclipse day::::::::• Use a high ISO setting and high resolution — to keep exposures very short and prevent blurring from vibrations::::::::• Look directly at the sun with your camera/eyes unless both are protected::::::::• Forget to share your solar eclipse photos at yourtake.usatoday.com, and tell us where the photo was taken::::::::Have other solar eclipse photo tips that you'd like to share? Tweet us @YourTake or upload them us here.::::::::New York City: The eclipse starts at 5:49 p.m. ET. The eclipse will still be going on as the sun sets at 6:03 p.m. ET.::::::::Washington: The eclipse starts at 5:52 p.m. ET. The eclipse will still be going on as the sun sets at 6:17 p.m. ET.::::::::Chicago: The eclipse starts at 4:36 p.m. CT. The eclipse will be at its maximum at 5:43 p.m. CT and the sun will set while still in eclipse.::::::::Denver: The eclipse starts at 3:18 p.m. MT. The eclipse will be at its maximum at 4:35 p.m. MT and will end at 5:44 p.m. MDT.::::::::Los Angeles: The eclipse will start at 2:08 p.m. PT. The eclipse will be at its maximum at 3:28 p.m. and will end at 4:40 p.m. PT.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/24/sports/baseball/world-series-2014-billy-butler-isnt-like-the-other-speedy-defensive-minded-kansas-city-royals.html	Billy Butler Isn’t Like the Speedy, Defensive-Minded Kansas City Royals	New York Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:35:01 -0700	Tyler Kepner;On Baseball	billy butler isn’t;speedy;defensive-minded kansas;royals	Billy Butler waited 10 years to reach the World Series after being drafted by the Royals in 2004. He made his mark with an R.B.I. single in the sixth inning Wednesday night. Credit Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images. Continue reading the main story. Continue ...	KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Billy Butler did not have much spare time on a Sunday morning during spring training in Surprise, Ariz. The Daytona 500 was being held that day, and Butler was busy matching players with drivers for the Kansas City Royals’ clubhouse pool.::::::::It was a natural role for Butler, a team elder from Orange Park, Fla., who goes by the nickname Country Breakfast and, presumably, would be more comfortable in the infield of a racetrack than he would be at most infield spots in baseball. But he found a moment to assess the chances of the 2014 Royals.::::::::Butler mentioned the team’s strong finish last year and the veterans who had joined the team in the off-season. He sounded confident.::::::::“I think we’ve developed that winning mentality,” Butler said. “Guys in here are expecting to win, not just trying to win.”::::::::That expectation became reality in a way few thought possible. The Royals went undefeated through the American League playoffs, winning the pennant with eight consecutive victories. After losing the World Series opener to the San Francisco Giants, they evened things Wednesday night with a 7-2 win in Game 2.::::::::Butler tied the game with a first-inning single, then drove in the go-ahead run with a single off Jean Machi in the sixth. The latter hit earned a curtain call when the lumbering Butler was removed for a pinch-runner.::::::::“When your teammates tell you to do it, you’re going to get out there,” Butler said. “And the fans received me well. It was an exciting time.”::::::::A curtain call for a sixth-inning single might seem a little much, but who could begrudge the fans their enthusiasm? The Royals went 29 years since their previous postseason appearance, which was the longest active drought in the major North American sports, and Butler endured a lot of it.::::::::Left fielder Alex Gordon reached Kansas City a month before Butler, in 2007, but Butler was drafted a year before Gordon. He was the 14th overall pick in 2004 and has been among the more productive Royals ever. Butler’s .295 career average trails only George Brett and Mike Sweeney among Royals with at least 2,000 at-bats, and he has hit as many as 29 homers in a season.::::::::“It’s really important for the fans to identify with a guy and fall in love with a guy like Billy,” outfielder Raul Ibanez said after Game 2. “He’s a fun-loving guy and he’s a professional hitter, and he loves being in Kansas City. He loves being a Royal. He had been waiting a long time for this.”::::::::Ibanez, 42, spent the summer with the Royals as he winds down a solid major league career. He previously played three seasons in Kansas City, from 2001 to 2003, after several with a Seattle team that had not given him an everyday shot. He established himself with the Royals and left for free-agent riches elsewhere.::::::::That has long been the pattern for Kansas City, and it is likely to continue despite this season’s franchise-high payroll of $92 million. The Royals are widely expected to let James Shields, their No. 1 starter, leave as a free agent this winter, and Butler may go, too.::::::::If he does, it will not be his choice. Butler signed a four-year, $30 million contract extension in January 2011, delaying free agency by at least one year. The Royals could further delay it by exercising a 2015 club option for $12.5 million.::::::::That would be the second-highest salary on the team — behind Gordon’s $14 million — and might be more than the Royals want to pay after Butler’s worst full season. He hit only nine homers and drove in 66 runs, and his batting average (.271), on-base percentage (.323) and slugging percentage (.379) were career lows.::::::::“This team is counting on me to do my job, and that’s in the middle of the lineup and being an impact bat,” Butler said. “Things like that will work out after the World Series. That’s the way they do. This is all I’ve ever known, so I’m proud to be here and I’m proud to be a Royal. I always have been.”::::::::Butler was hitless in the division series, but otherwise has hit .375 (9 for 24) and been treated as a threat by opposing managers.::::::::In the eighth inning of the wild-card game, Oakland pulled Jon Lester just before Butler came to bat. Butler promptly singled in a run off Luke Gregerson. On Wednesday, the Giants pulled Jake Peavy with two on and no outs in a 2-2 tie, hoping Machi’s sinker could induce a ground ball. Butler got ahead of Machi and ripped a fastball to left-center to score a run.::::::::Butler filled in at first base this summer after Eric Hosmer broke his hand, but he has not played in the field this postseason. With no designated hitter for the next three games in San Francisco, Butler’s chances to contribute will be limited.::::::::“Having a guy like Billy’s bat on the bench is extremely valuable late in the game,” Manager Ned Yost said. “You don’t have to start the game to win the game.”::::::::The Royals could always use Butler’s power, if he can find it, but his skills do not go with the game they tend to play. He has one stolen base in the last two seasons — it came in the division series — and he has never executed a sacrifice bunt. He brings no value for speed and defense, the tools the Royals most covet with their limited budget and spacious home park.::::::::Butler, then, is something of a misfit on the roster. Yet it is hard to imagine the Royals without him.::::::::“He’s woven into the fabric of the team,” Ibanez said. “Guys enjoy having him around.”::::::::With free agency possibly looming, Butler may not be around much longer. But before he goes, he can help write an ending that few besides him could have imagined.	
http://www.euronews.com/2014/10/23/israel-hamas-praises-jerusalem-attack-which-killed-baby-girl/	Israel: Hamas praises Jerusalem attack which killed baby girl	euronews	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:19:55 -0700		israel;hamas;jerusalem;baby girl	The funeral has been held in Jerusalem for a baby girl killed when a car slammed into a crowd of pedestrians. Eight people were injured in what the Israeli and US governments say was a terrorist attack. The car driver, a 21-year-old Palestinian man who tried ...	The funeral has been held in Jerusalem for a baby girl killed when a car slammed into a crowd of pedestrians.::::::::Eight people were injured in what the Israeli and US governments say was a terrorist attack.::::::::The car driver, a 21-year-old Palestinian man who tried to flee on foot, was shot by police and died in hospital.::::::::The baby he killed, Chaya Zissel Braun, was three months old.::::::::“The parents are a young couple. They are Americans and they came to live here. He come to learn here in the Yeshiva (Jewish Seminary) and they have an apartment here. And it took a few years after the marriage that (was) born, at last after a long time, a small baby and you see, after three months, it happens such a tragedy,” said the baby’s great-uncle, named as Yitzhak.::::::::CCTV caught the moment when the car left the road, ploughing into passengers at a light rail station.::::::::The baby was reportedly tossed into the air and died in hospital.::::::::Reports named the driver as Abdel Rahman Al-Shaludi, saying he was a Hamas supporter who had recently been released from prison.::::::::He lived in Arab East Jerusalem where violence has been brewing and it is claimed Palestinians suffer discrimination.::::::::The Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has blamed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas for incitement over recent comments he made saying Jewish “settlers” should be stopped “by any means” from entering a disputed holy compound in Jerusalem.::::::::Israel has also blamed Hamas for the attack. A spokesman for the Islamist movement has reportedly praised it as “a daring operation” and a “natural response to the crimes of the occupation against our people and our holy places”.	
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/23/obama-hit-for-hedging-on-terrorist-attack-unlike-canadian-pm/	Obama hit for hedging on ‘terrorist’ attack, unlike Canadian PM	Fox News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 10:14:01 -0700		obama;‘terrorist’ attack;pm	President Obama is taking heat for seeming to hedge on whether Wednesday's attack on Canada's government complex was an act of terrorism, even as Canada's prime minister declared that his country was a victim of a "terrorist." U.S. lawmakers already ...	President Obama is taking heat for seeming to hedge on whether Wednesday's attack on Canada's government complex was an act of terrorism, even as Canada's prime minister declared that his country was a victim of a "terrorist."::::::::U.S. lawmakers already are noting a contrast in the way Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and the U.S. president have addressed the subject.::::::::Details still are emerging about the gunman, but reports say he recently converted to Islam and desperately wanted to move to the Middle East. The attack came just one day after Canada raised its terror alert and two days after another jihadist convert, Martin Couture-Rouleau, killed a uniformed Canadian soldier in a hit-and-run in Quebec. Couture-Rouleau, who was killed by police, had recently had his passport seized to bar him from traveling to join the Islamic State, or ISIS.::::::::The Obama administration had said little until Wednesday about the hit-and-run, which came shortly after Canada's Parliament voted to join the U.S.-led airstrike campaign against ISIS.::::::::Late Wednesday, Obama addressed both attacks after speaking with Harper.::::::::The president stressed they "don't yet have all the information about what motivated the shooting" and whether "this was part of a broader network or plan or whether this was an individual or series of individuals who decided to take these actions."::::::::Obama added: "But it emphasizes the degree to which we have to remain vigilant when it comes to dealing with these kinds of acts of senseless violence or terrorism."::::::::He said it is important to recognize "that when it comes to dealing with terrorist activity that Canada and the United States has to be entirely in sync."::::::::Absent was a direct reference to the gunman in Wednesday's shooting being a terrorist.::::::::Earlier in the day, perhaps reflecting a desire not to get ahead of Ottawa in describing the attack, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said he was not "in a position to render a judgment" on whether the attack was terrorism.::::::::By contrast, Harper was unequivocal in declaring in a televised address late Wednesday that the attacker was a "terrorist."::::::::He said the Canadian soldier who died was "murdered in cold blood as he provided a ceremonial honor guard at Canada's National War Memorial." He said the soldier killed earlier in the week was also struck "by an ISIL-inspired terrorist."::::::::The prime minister declared: "We will not be intimidated."::::::::Harper repeated that message in an address on Thursday to Parliament, saying, "We will not run scared."::::::::Describing the threat, he said, "It is hard to appreciate, understand, fathom, how we can have people who so despise or are involved in a movement who so want violence ... How they can kill, want to kill anyone who looks or thinks different from them."::::::::U.S. lawmakers noted a difference in how Obama tackled the subject.::::::::"I'm very encouraged to hear Prime Minister Harper really speak the truth," Rep. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla., told Fox News. He noted that the U.S. government still will not describe the 2009 Fort Hood massacre as terrorism, instead using the term "workplace violence."::::::::Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told Fox News: "When you see an honor guard killed -- murdered -- you have got to start with the idea that this is terrorism, not just, 'Hey, let's downplay this.'"::::::::Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., said the U.S. government needs to be "more aggressive" in monitoring for lone-wolf terrorism.::::::::The Obama administration long has faced Republican criticism that it avoids terms like "Islamic terrorism," following attacks ranging from the Fort Hood massacre to the 2012 Benghazi attack, which the administration initially blamed on a protest gone awry.	
http://www.greensburgdailynews.com/sports/massive-cheating-scandal-at-unc/article_24528f6c-95c9-53d2-80ee-a6174a3ac2c3.html	Massive cheating scandal at UNC	Greensburg Daily News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 08:41:31 -0700		massive;unc	CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- Bogus classes and automatic A's and B's are at the heart of a cheating scandal at the University of North Carolina that lasted nearly two decades, encompassing about 3,100 students - nearly half of them athletes. At least nine university ...	CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- Bogus classes and automatic A's and B's are at the heart of a cheating scandal at the University of North Carolina that lasted nearly two decades, encompassing about 3,100 students - nearly half of them athletes.::::::::At least nine university employees were fired or under disciplinary review, and the question now becomes what, if anything, the NCAA will do next. Penalties could range from fewer scholarships to vacated wins.::::::::Most of the athletes were football players or members of the school's cherished basketball program, which won three of its five national titles during the scandal (1993, 2005, 2009).::::::::Many at the university hoped Wainstein's eight-month investigation would bring some closure. Instead, it found more academic fraud than previous investigations by the NCAA and the school.::::::::The UNC case stands out among academic scandals at Harvard, Duke and the Naval Academy, said Howard Gardner, a professor at Harvard's Graduate School of Education who studies cheating.::::::::"I think the existence of fake classes and automatic grades - you might say an athlete track, where essentially you might as well not have the university at all - I think that's pretty extreme. I hope it's pretty extreme," he said.	
http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/syrian-regime-iraqi-kurds-among-those-buying-isis-oil-official-n232381	Syrian Regime, Iraqi Kurds Among Those Buying ISIS Oil: Official	NBCNews.com	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:52:44 -0700		syrian regime;iraqi kurds;buying isis	ISIS makes its fortune by selling oil from seized territory to its enemies, including the Syrian government it has vowed to topple and to Kurds in Iraq, a U.S. official said Thursday. The official, Undersecretary David Cohen of the Treasury Department, is in charge ...	ISIS makes its fortune by selling oil from seized territory to its enemies, including the Syrian government it has vowed to topple and to Kurds in Iraq, a U.S. official said Thursday.::::::::The official, Undersecretary David Cohen of the Treasury Department, is in charge of cracking down on ISIS finances. In remarks prepared for a speech to the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, he said that ISIS “has amassed wealth at an unprecedented pace.”::::::::Unlike al Qaeda, he said, ISIS gets only a small share of its money from deep-pocketed donors. It relies mostly on black-market oil sales, extortion and ransom payments, Cohen said. Estimates of how much ISIS makes selling oil have varied widely, but it is believed to be at least $1 million a day.::::::::ISIS, which controls oil refineries in the vast territory it has seized in Syria and Iraq, sells oil to middlemen, including some from Turkey, who move it for resale, the undersecretary said. The regime of President Bashar Assad of Syria has made an arrangement to buy ISIS oil, and some oil from ISIS territory has been sold to Kurds in Iraq, Cohen said.::::::::He did not specify who among the Kurds was buying. But the cooperation of Iraqi Kurds, along with the main government of Iraq and rebels in Syria, is a critical element of the American strategy to fight ISIS.::::::::Last week, the State Department assembled 20 countries and organizations to talk about ways to dry up ISIS’ money, but Cohen warned that it will take time.::::::::“We have no silver bullet, no secret weapon to empty ISIL’s coffers overnight,” he said, using an alternate acronym for the militants. “This will be a sustained fight, and we are in the early stages.”	
http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/politics/2014/10/23/who-will-decide-who-wins-us-senate-race-in-nc-dont-count-out-latino-voters/	Who will decide who wins the U.S. Senate race in N.C.? Don't count out Latino voters	Fox News Latino	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 10:02:10 -0700	Kyle Rothenberg	who;u.s.;senate race;n.c.;latino	Latinos in North Carolina might become the determining factor in deciding who wins North Carolina's Senate race. Thom Tillis, a Republican businessman who is the state speaker of the House, and Democratic incumbent Senator Kay Hagan are battling in a ...	Latinos in North Carolina might become the determining factor in deciding who wins North Carolina’s Senate race.::::::::Thom Tillis, a Republican businessman who is the state speaker of the House, and Democratic incumbent Senator Kay Hagan are battling in a state where Hispanics are 9 percent of the population – having more voting power than ever before.::::::::“It is very close," said North Carolina political strategist Larry Shaheen. "The Latino vote is going to be very crucial in this election.”::::::::Political experts also say North Carolina is like a microcosm of what is happening throughout the county, where Latino voters are becoming more important in elections. A similar situation is happening in Georgia’s senate race with Michelle Nunn and David Perdue battling it out for a senate seat in a state that also has a nine percent population of Hispanics and Latinos.::::::::But the changes being wrought by Latinos go beyond state-wide demographics, according to North Carolina State University political science professor Andrew Taylor.::::::::“One of the interesting things about the Latino vote in North Carolina,” Taylor told Fox News Latino, “is that most of the Latino population in the state has been growing in small towns and rural areas. So it’s been more difficult for it to become more integrated into the political community.”::::::::Which also makes it more of a challenge to get out the vote.::::::::“It doesn’t matter if there are 120,000 or so registered Hispanic voters in North Carolina [if] we don’t go out and vote,” said Olma Echeverri, former State Chair of the Hispanic American Democrats of North Carolina.::::::::Political leaders in the Latino community believe both parties can do more to reach out to Hispanic voters.::::::::“I’d like to obviously see the Republicans to do more, but I think that a lot more can be done on both sides,” said Rosemary Fernandez Stein, Chairwoman of the Republican National Hispanic Assembly in North Carolina.::::::::“[The campaigns] clearly don’t make a strong enough effort to get out the vote here as it is the case in other states. I think some of that is the sense that both parties worry whether an explicit outreach to the Latino population [will be] construed as being somewhat soft on immigration,” said Taylor.::::::::The Tillis and Hagan campaigns did not respond to requests for comment about the importance of the Latino vote.::::::::Tillis’ campaign website says the former speaker believes in doing more to secure our borders and opposes amnesty. “Congress should solve our border security crisis now - before it even debates any other changes to our immigration reform,” the website outlines.::::::::Although Hagan’s campaign website does not directly outline her stance on immigration, her voting record is pretty clear. Hagan voted in support of the Senate’s Gang of Eight bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform (CIR) bill in 2013 - which would “strengthen border security protections and ensure everyone plays by the same rules… fixing the broken immigration system and require undocumented immigrants to pay back taxes and penalties, learn English, pass background checks, and go to the back of the line before becoming eligible for temporary status,” Hagan was quoted as saying in a press release on the bill.::::::::With nearly 900,000 Latinos living in North Carolina’s population of about 10 million, some Hispanics are skeptical but hopeful about how their community will influence the Senate election.::::::::“I don’t know if the 9 percent of Hispanic voters will decide the election,” resident Ximena Uribe told FNL. “I don’t know if it’s going to decide the election, but it’s a big influence.”::::::::The most recent polls on the race have the race as a toss-up or give Hagan with a slight lead well within the margin of error.::::::::No polls have been released, however, since a fourth televised debate between the candidates on Tuesday night, became more of a monologue when Hagan, who hadn’t officially agreed to attend, declined to participate.::::::::Kyle Rothenberg is part of the Junior Reporter program at Fox News. Get more information on the program here and follow them on Twitter: @FNCJrReporters	
http://www.sltrib.com/news/1738253-155/fence-service-secret-charged-dogs-adesanya	Utah's Chaffetz: Changes needed to 'easy to get over' White House fence	Salt Lake Tribune	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:32:40 -0700	The Associated Press;Http Www Sltrib Com;Darlene Superville	utah;chaffetz;white house fence	Secret Service respond on the North Lawn of the White House after a man jumped the White House fence, Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014, in Washington. The Secret Service apprehended the man who jumped over the White House fence. This latest incident ...	"It seems a little too easy to get over," he said.::::::::Wednesday’s incident is not Adesanya’s first arrest at the executive mansion. Records show he was also charged with unlawful entry at the White House complex in late July. A court document says he told an officer that a security barrier he jumped over "was easy and that the next fence to the south grounds of the White House would not be a problem as well."::::::::Adesanya claimed a banking family that he said owned the Federal Reserve Bank was targeting him, and he said he wanted cameras that had been placed in his home removed, according to a court document. After the arrest he was ordered to get outpatient mental health screening and return to court Sept. 9.::::::::He was apprehended again just three days after the July arrest at the White House complex for refusing to leave the Treasury building next door and swinging his fists at officers. Court records show he was then ordered to wear an electronic monitoring device and abide by a curfew.::::::::Warrants for his arrest were issued after he failed to appear in court in September. An attorney representing him in those arrests did not immediately return a telephone call Thursday.::::::::After climbing over the fence Wednesday night, Adesanya was swiftly apprehended on the North Lawn, on Pennsylvania Avenue, by uniformed Secret Service agents and their dogs. He was unarmed. President Barack Obama was at the White House at the time.::::::::Video of the incident recorded by TV news cameras shows a man in white shorts on the lawn just inside the fence. The man lifts his shirt as if to show that he is unarmed, then is seen kicking and punching the two Secret Service dogs.::::::::Leary said the dogs, Hurricane and Jordan, were treated by a veterinarian for minor bruising and cleared to return to duty.::::::::The incident came about a month after a previous White House fence jumper carrying a knife sprinted across the same lawn, ran past armed uniformed agents and entered the mansion before he was felled in the ceremonial East Room and taken into custody.::::::::That embarrassing Sept. 19 incident preceded the disclosure of other serious Secret Service breaches in security for Obama and ultimately led to Julia Pierson’s resignation as director of the agency after 18 months on the job.::::::::After Pierson resigned, an agent who once led Obama’s protective detail came out of retirement to lead the Secret Service until Obama names a new director, pending completion of internal and independent reviews of agency practices.::::::::This week, a federal judge delayed the arraignment of Omar Gonzalez, the man charged in September’s fence-jumping incident, because of questions about his mental fitness to stand trial.::::::::Gonzalez has been indicted on several charges, including carrying a knife into the White House and assaulting two Secret Service officers.	
http://online.wsj.com/articles/u-s-stock-futures-rise-on-earnings-reports-1414066991	U.S. Stocks Surge on Earnings Reports	Wall Street Journal	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 10:16:57 -0700	Alexandra Scaggs;Alexandra Scaggs Wsj Com	u.s. stocks surge;earnings	U.S. jobless claims rose last week, but remained near 14-year lows. A Kroger Co. employee in Lexington, Ky., takes applications at a job fair earlier this month. Bloomberg News. By. Alexandra Scaggs. Alexandra Scaggs. The Wall Street Journal. CANCEL.	U.S. stocks rallied Thursday, boosted by strong third-quarter earnings from Caterpillar Inc. and other companies.::::::::The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 254 points, or 1.5%, to 16717. The S&P 500 index gained 27 points, or 1.4%, to 1954 and the Nasdaq Composite Index added 73 points, or 1.7%, to 4456.::::::::A pair of upbeat earnings reports from blue-chip companies and an intraday recovery in European stocks helped lift U.S. shares. Caterpillar reported better-than-expected results in the third quarter and lifted its profit outlook for the year to $6.50 a share, up from $6.20 a share. Shares rose 5.5%, making it the second-best performer in the Dow.::::::::3M Co. was the best performer in the average, rallying 6.1% after it reported strong quarterly results and nudged up its forecast for the year.::::::::“Earnings are coming to the rescue for this market,” said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management, which oversees about $242 billion. “A company like Caterpillar, while it’s not the biggest out there, is typically viewed as a bellwether of growth in the emerging markets,” which investors have questioned in recent weeks.::::::::The strong earnings and European gains caught some short-term investors by surprise, traders said. That left them scrambling to cut back their bets that stocks would extend the previous session’s declines, they said, which added fuel to the U.S. advance. On Wednesday, the S&P 500 lost 0.7% to 1927.11.::::::::“On Wednesday, traders got very aggressive in reducing positions, and expected one last leg down” for U.S. stocks, said Jeffrey Yu, head of single-stock derivatives trading at UBS AG.::::::::Some strategists said an intraday bounce in European stocks helped support U.S. gains as well. The Europe Stoxx 600 closed up 0.7%, after declining of more than 1% at its early low. The rebound came after Markit reported that its closely watched measure of manufacturing and services activity in the region rose by more than expected in September. Some underlying details of the report were negative, however.::::::::Stocks had remained higher premarket after the number of new jobless claims rose in the latest week but lingered near 14-year lows. Claims rose by 17,000 to 283,000 in the week ended Oct. 18, the Labor Department said Thursday. Economists surveyed by The Wall Street Journal had forecast 282,000 claims.::::::::Stocks held gains despite a reading on the U.S. manufacturing sector that fell short of expectations. Markit’s purchasing managers index fell to 56.2 in October from a final September reading of 57.5. Economists had forecast an October reading of 57.0.::::::::U.S. stocks have swung wildly in the past month as weak economic data raised worries about potential deflation in the eurozone and third-quarter growth slowed in China. The Dow has fallen 3.4% and the S&P has declined 2.3% in October, through Wednesday’s close.::::::::In Asia, a preliminary report on Chinese manufacturing activity from HSBC inched up to 50.4 in October from 50.2 in September. Earlier this week, data showed China’s third-quarter economic growth was the slowest in five years, though slightly faster than expected. Japanese and Chinese shares fell.::::::::Demand for safe-haven government debt waned. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.287%. Yields rise as prices fall.::::::::In commodity markets, crude-oil futures rose 1.7% to $81.88 a barrel. Gold futures fell 1.3% to $1229.00 an ounce.::::::::In other earnings news, Comcast Corp. said its third-quarter profit rose 50%, boosted in part by a favorable tax adjustment. Per-share earnings beat expectations. Shares rose 3%.	
http://www.sltrib.com/home/1738201-155/applications-week-average-job-million-283000	U.S. jobless aid applications rise to 283,000	Salt Lake Tribune	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:19:25 -0700	Http Www Sltrib Com;Rugaber The Associated Press;Christopher S	u.s.;applications rise	In this Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014 photo, job seekers Madelin Garcia, right, and Noharis Nunez fill out a job applications at a job fair in Miami Lakes, Fla. The U.S. Labor Department reports on the number of people who applied for unemployment benefits last ...	Applications are a proxy for layoffs. The four-week average, a less volatile measure, declined 3,000 to 281,000, the lowest in 14 years. As a percentage of the working population, applications are near their lowest levels since the early 1970s.::::::::Fewer people are continuing to receive benefits as well. The number of unemployment aid recipients dropped 38,000 to 2.35 million in the week ended Oct. 11, according to the latest data available.::::::::Joseph LaVorgna, an economist at Deutsche Bank, estimates that the current level of applications points to average monthly job gains of above 250,000.::::::::U.S. businesses have already been hiring workers at a healthy pace. Employers have added an average of 227,000 jobs a month this year. That’s up from an average of 194,000 last year. The economy has gained 2.64 million jobs in the past 12 months, the best annual showing since April 2006. The unemployment rate has fallen to 5.9 percent, a six-year low.::::::::More hiring translates into more paychecks and more consumers able to spend, boosting economic growth.::::::::Still, the job market is far from full health. More than 7 million people hold part-time jobs but would like full-time work, up from 4.6 million before the downturn. And there are still twice as many people unemployed for longer than six months as there were before the recession, even though that figure has steadily declined in the past three years.	
http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/royal-protection-officer-arrested-in-ammo-probe/2014/10/23/e7ed9f1e-5ad6-11e4-9d6c-756a229d8b18_story.html	Royal Protection officer arrested in ammo probe	Washington Post	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 10:07:41 -0700	Associated Press	protection	LONDON — British police say an officer assigned to the royal protection unit has been arrested after ammunition was found in personal lockers on the grounds of Buckingham Palace. Police said Thursday the ammunition is thought to have come from ...	LONDON — British police say an officer assigned to the royal protection unit has been arrested after ammunition was found in personal lockers on the grounds of Buckingham Palace.::::::::Police said Thursday the ammunition is thought to have come from Metropolitan Police supplies.::::::::The officer is being questioned on suspicion of misconduct in public office and unlawful possession of ammunition. He has been suspended from duty.::::::::Police said the officer usually works in a protection role but is not assigned to guard any individual members of the royal family. His home is being searched.::::::::The arrest follows an investigation by the Directorate of Professional Standards.::::::::Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.	
http://www.freep.com/story/entertainment/music/brian-mccollum/2014/10/23/one-direction-detroit-show/17776291/	One Direction to play Ford Field in 2015	Detroit Free Press	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 10:26:23 -0700	Edt October;P M	direction;ford field	Two months after a pair of blockbuster Ford Field shows, One Direction already has its eyes again on the Detroit football stadium. The boy band will play Ford Field on Aug. 29, the group announced today, part of its On the Road Again 2015 tour. The global ...	Two months after a pair of blockbuster Ford Field shows, One Direction already has its eyes again on the Detroit football stadium.::::::::The boy band will play Ford Field on Aug. 29, the group announced today, part of its On the Road Again 2015 tour. The global itinerary will support the quintet's new album, "Four," due next month.::::::::The full public sale for the Ford Field show will start at 10 a.m. Nov. 1. Early ticket access will be available to both Citi credit card holders starting Friday (CitiPrivatePass.com) and for fans who check in to One Direction's Facebook page next Wednesday.::::::::Seats for the Ford Field shows will be $39.50-$99.50. Full on-sale details will be available at LiveNation.com.::::::::The tour buzz comes as One Direction preps for the release of the video for "Steal My Girl," the new album's lead single. The clip, featuring Danny Devito, will hit the band's VEVO page on YouTube at 11 a.m. Friday.	
http://www.mercurynews.com/entertainment/ci_26784807/here-comes-honey-boo-boo-star-mama-june	'Here Comes Honey Boo Boo" star Mama June dating convicted child molester	"title":"'Here Comes Honey Boo Boo\	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 10:14:44 -0700	Compiled Tony Hicks	comes honey boo boo;mama june;child molester	http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2014/10/23/canada-ottawa-gunman-attack-police/17764239/	Canadian PM to Parliament	USA TODAY	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 10:16:21 -0700	Donna Leinwand Leger Doug Stanglin Usa Today;Edt October;P M	pm	OTTAWA — One day after a gunman rampaged through its halls, the Canadian Parliament opened Thursday with prolonged applause for the heroic sergeant-at-arms who fatally shot the assailant and for the prime minister's vow to stand up to terrorists.	OTTAWA — One day after a gunman rampaged through its halls, the Canadian Parliament opened Thursday with prolonged applause for the heroic sergeant-at-arms who fatally shot the assailant and for the prime minister's vow to stand up to terrorists.::::::::"We will be vigilant, but we will not run scared. We will be prudent, but not panic," Prime Minister Stephen Harper told members of Parliament to repeated applause. "As for the business of government, we are here in our seats, in our chamber, in the very heart of our democracy, and we are working."::::::::The gunman, who was fatally shot during the assault, has been identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, a Canadian born in 1982 who was a recent convert to Islam.::::::::Canadian police confirmed Thursday that only one gunman was involved in the shootings in and around the Parliament building that left one soldier dead, Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, who was standing guard at the nearby National War Memorial.::::::::Harper says the object of two separate terrorist attacks this week was to instill fear but "Canada will never yield to terrorism."::::::::"We live in dangerous times, yes, but the mission of our country and the work of this Parliament goes on, and so does the work throughout this city," Harper said.::::::::The prime minister said the government was preparing to respond to recent terrorist acts with new laws to strengthen the police in the areas of detention and surveillance. He said work on such laws, already underway, would be expedited.::::::::The shaken capital slowly tried to return to normal on Thursday, with members of Parliament returning to work, although the Parliament buildings were otherwise closed to visitors.::::::::The National War Memorial remained cordoned off with police tape on Thursday, but MPs and government officials stopped by to pay their respects.::::::::Harper arrived by motorcade around 9 a.m., joining by Liberal Leader Justice Trudeau and various Conservative Cabinet ministers.::::::::In a personal touch in his remarks Thursday, Harper urged MPs — many of whom had barricaded doors inside the building during the shooting — to seek medical help if they are suffering stress from Wednesday's attack.::::::::::::::::The Globe and Mail newspaper of Toronto reported that the suspected gunman, Zehaf-Bibeau, was recently designated a "high-risk traveler" by the Canadian government and that his passport had been seized.::::::::It said Zehaf-Bibeau had a criminal record for drug possession, credit card forgery and robbery.::::::::In a brief and tear-filled telephone conversation with the Associated Press on Thursday, the suspect's mother, Susan Bibeau, said she did not know what to say to those hurt in the attack.::::::::"Can you ever explain something like this?" she said. "We are sorry."::::::::The clearly distraught mother told the AP that the was crying for the victims of the shootings, not for her son.::::::::Ottawa police constable Marc Soucy confirmed to the Associated Press Thursday that police are satisfied there was one attacker.::::::::Ottawa police chief Charles Bordeleau told the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. that "there is no longer a threat to public safety."::::::::Police said in the initial hours after the shootings that as many as two other gunmen may have taken part. But as the day wore on, it appeared increasingly likely that the attack was the work of one person.::::::::It was the second terrorism-related attack in two days. On Monday, a man described by Harper earlier as an "ISIL-inspired terrorist" on Monday ran over two soldiers in a parking lot in Quebec, killing one and injuring another before being shot to death by police.::::::::The attacker, like the gunman in Parliament, was a recent convert to Islam. ISIL refers to the Islamic State militant group that has taken over large sections of Iraq and Syria.::::::::During the opening session of Parliament, the MPs were led, as usual, by the ceremonial sergeant-at-arms, Kevin Vickers,::::::::But it was Vickers, a 58-year-old retired officer in the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, who was singled out as a hero for fatally shooting the gunman just outside the MPs' caucus rooms.::::::::After leading the MPs into the chamber Thursday, Vickers, dressed in ceremonial garb, received rousing, prolonged applause. He stood, seemingly on the verge of tears, as the ovation continued.::::::::Vickers was also singled out by Harper in his remarks to Parliament for his "great work."::::::::In a televised address on Wednesday, Harper sought to reassure and bolster a nation stunned by the attack in the normally placid capital.::::::::"We will not be intimidated. Canada will never be intimidated," Harper said.::::::::He vowed that the attacks will "lead us to strengthen our resolve and redouble our efforts" to keep the country safe and work with Canada's allies to fight terrorists.::::::::::::::::In Washington, President Obama condemned the shootings as "outrageous" and said: "We have to remain vigilant." The U.S. Embassy in Ottawa was locked down as a precaution, and security was tightened at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery, just outside Washington.	
http://www.utahpeoplespost.com/2014/10/north-carolina-university-scam/	Over 1,500 Athletes in North Carolina University Scam	The Utah People's Post	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:57:54 -0700	Nicolas Walker	athletes;carolina;scam	A recent academic scandal has appalled a nation that takes pride in the quality of its educational system. More than 1,500 athletes at the University of North Carolina took part in bogus classes and received inflated grades over a span of almost two decades.	A recent academic scandal has appalled a nation that takes pride in the quality of its educational system. More than 1,500 athletes at the University of North Carolina took part in bogus classes and received inflated grades over a span of almost two decades. At least nine employees were fired or were placed under disciplinary review following an investigation released on Wednesday that showed that University students got easy A’s and B’s.::::::::The scam involved mostly football players or members of the basketball program that the school cherished, which managed to win three of its five national titles during the period involved in the scandal (1993, 2005, 2009).::::::::athletic director Bubba Cunningham said during a statement, denying to speculate on possible sanctions.::::::::During the two-decade period, about 3,100 students were enrolled in classes which either weren’t taught or they did not have to show up for. This apparent “shadow curriculum” belonged to the former African and Afro-American Studies department (from 1993 to 2011), Kenneth Wainstein, former high-ranking U.S. Justice Department official and report leader said.::::::::Moreover, countless courses required students to only prepare research papers that would be quickly corrected by secretaries, who were also in charge of grading. These secretaries would hand out the highest grades regardless of the quality of work, the report found. The same report showed how counselors for athletes would steer those struggling with their grades towards specific classes where they would receive high grades. Two particular counselors even suggested grades.::::::::There were many hoping that the investigation conducted by Wainstein would finally bring closure to the long-running scandal, however, his efforts only revealed more academic fraud that previous investigations had found. The scandal investigated by the former U.S. Justice Department official reached back to Dean Smith’s tenure as coach of the legendary men’s basketball team as well as Mack Brown’s time as football coach.::::::::According to Cunningham, the school hadn’t yet decided on imposing its own penalties (as was the case with the NCAA investigation). Both the school and the NCAA stated that they would review Wainstein’s report.::::::::What remains to be answered is whether the NCAA will decide on penalties, ranging from fewer scholarships to vacated wins.	
http://www.newsweek.com/libertarian-pizza-delivery-guy-sean-haugh-might-decide-fate-senate-279400		Newsweek	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:38:27 -0700			Sean Haugh of Durham, N.C., has been a full-time pizza deliveryman for a little more than a year. “I get a lot of spiritual satisfaction from it,” he tells me over the phone. “Everybody loves the pizza guy. I'm delivering joy and relief.” He likes his job—a lot—but ...		
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/mideast-crisis-sanctions-idUSL2N0SI1C620141023	UPDATE 1-U.S. warns of sanctions on buyers of Islamic State oil	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:53:47 -0700		update;1-u.s. warns;islamic;state oil	WASHINGTON, Oct 23 (Reuters) - The Obama administration on Thursday threatened to slap sanctions on anyone buying oil from Islamic State militants in an effort to disrupt what it said was a $1-million-a-day funding source. Islamic State has seized large ...	* One of best-funded targets U.S. has seen::::::::* No 'silver bullet' to sap IS financing (Adds further comments about oil, background)::::::::WASHINGTON, Oct 23 (Reuters) - The Obama administration on Thursday threatened to slap sanctions on anyone buying oil from Islamic State militants in an effort to disrupt what it said was a $1-million-a-day funding source.::::::::Islamic State has seized large swaths of Iraq and Syria in a brutal campaign, and could pose a threat to the United States and its allies if it is not stopped, U.S. Treasury Undersecretary David Cohen said.::::::::"With the important exception of some state-sponsored terrorist organizations, ISIL is probably the best-funded terrorist organization we have confronted," Cohen said, referring to another name for Islamic State. He spoke at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.::::::::Islamic State, or IS, is generating tens of millions of dollars a month through a combination of oil sales, ransom, extortion and other criminal activities, and support from wealthy donors, said Cohen in laying out the most comprehensive outline yet of the U.S. financial strategy against the group.::::::::IS's fundraising mostly avoids the formal financial system, and relies less on donor support compared with militant groups like al-Qaeda, making it less susceptible to Treasury's traditional tools of designating wealthy financiers and blacklisting banks.::::::::"We have no silver bullet, no secret weapon to empty ISIL's coffers overnight," Cohen said.::::::::But, the U.S. government and its allies are working on finding new ways to disrupt Islamic State's activities, including its key oil revenues, Cohen said. IS has tapped into the black market in oil in Syria and Iraq, refining some and selling it to smugglers who transport it to Turkey and the Kurdish region of Iraq.::::::::The research firm IHS estimated this week that Islamic State militants were producing about $2 million worth of crude oil a day before recent U.S.-led air strikes.::::::::The United States and its allies, including Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, began launching air strikes against IS in Iraq in August and Syria in September, including targeted strikes against IS-controlled oilfields and refineries. The strikes have succeeded in bringing crude production down to 20,000 barrels a day, less than a third of what it was last summer, the International Energy Agency said.::::::::While the air strikes have disrupted some of Islamic State's oil revenue, Cohen said it was still important to find other ways to target the group's funding sources and prevent access to the formal financial sector by targeting middlemen, traders, refiners and transport companies.::::::::U.S. sanctions block people and firms from accessing the U.S. financial system, and are usually followed by banks around the world who are wary of dealing with U.S. enemies.::::::::Cohen said Turkey and the Kurdistan regional government in Iraq were starting to crack down on oil smuggling networks that existed long before Islamic State started taking advantage of them.::::::::The United States will also seek to disrupt other funding including an estimated $20 million from kidnapping this year by urging countries not to pay ransoms. (Reporting by Anna Yukhananov; Editing by Tim Ahmann and Gunna Dickson)	
http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/secret-service-guard-dogs-are-in-spotlight-after-latest-white-house-fence-jumping/2014/10/23/81ece3f4-5ac3-11e4-b812-38518ae74c67_story.html	Secret Service guard dogs are in spotlight after latest White House fence jumping	Washington Post	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 10:52:07 -0700		secret service guard dogs;white house fence	The apprehension of a man who jumped the White House fence Wednesday night and was bitten by a guard dog highlighted one of the Secret Service's most effective weapons: its canines. Secret Service agents and K-9 units quickly subdued the latest fence ...	A man jumped the White House fence Wednesday night and was taken into custody after being bitten by a guard dog, just weeks after another fence jumper made it deep into the executive mansion. (Fox News)::::::::A man jumped the White House fence Wednesday night and was taken into custody after being bitten by a guard dog, just weeks after another fence jumper made it deep into the executive mansion. (Fox News)::::::::The apprehension of a man who jumped the White House fence Wednesday night and was bitten by a guard dog highlighted one of the Secret Service’s most effective weapons: its canines.::::::::Secret Service agents and K-9 units quickly subdued the latest fence jumper, whom authorities identified as Dominic Adesanya, 23, of Bel Air, Md., after he punched two of the Secret Service dogs, Hurricane and Jordan, authorities say.::::::::The two animals were taken to a veterinarian and treated for minor bruising they suffered during the incident, according to agency spokesman Edwin Donovan, while Adesanya was taken to a hospital with injuries from a dog bite and is now in the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service.::::::::“Both K-9s were cleared for duty by the veterinarian,” Donovan wrote in an e-mail.::::::::Adesanya has been charged with two counts of assault on a police officer — a charge that stems from the attack on the dogs — along with one count of making threats and four counts of resisting and unlawful entry, Donovan added. All the charges except for resisting and unlawful threats are felonies; Adesanya was unarmed at the time of his arrest.::::::::Adesanya’s rapid apprehension posed a marked contrast to the agency’s handling of Omar J. Gonzalez, a 42-year-old Army veteran who authorities say jumped the White House fence and ran far into the executive mansion through an unlocked front door on Sept. 19. The incident involving Gonzalez, whose arraignment was delayed Tuesday and who is now scheduled to undergo a mental-health evaluation within 30 days, set off a series of embarrassing revelations about the Secret Service and helped lead to the resignation of its then-director, Julia Pierson.::::::::In the case of Gonzalez, the agency’s guard dogs were not released, raising questions about a security breakdown at the White House. Under the Secret Service’s protocols, there was supposed to be an attack dog, a specialized SWAT team and a guard at the front door at the ready if the officer in a guard booth on the North Lawn was unable to reach the intruder.::::::::A panel of outside security and operations experts is reviewing the breakdowns at the direction of the Department of Homeland Security and is expected to recommend reforms by mid-December.::::::::The decision not to release the dog last month is part of that review. Some people familiar with the incident say the handler probably felt he could not release the dog, because so many officers were in pursuit of Gonzalez and the dog may have attacked them instead.::::::::Of Wednesday night’s incident, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the episode “underscored the professionalism of the men and women of the Secret Service. In a moment’s notice, they spring into action to protect the White House, the first family and those of us who work here every day. That’s a sentiment shared by the first family, who are very appreciative of their vigilance.”::::::::Earnest added that “it would be fair for anyone to conclude that the results from last night’s efforts were better compared to the results” from last month’s intruder incident.::::::::Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), who chairs the House Oversight and Government Reform subcommittee on national security, praised the Secret Service in an interview for defending the president so effectively Wednesday.::::::::“The swiftness of the response was impressive. They’re obviously dealing with a difficult situation, and they got him out of there in a rapid and professional manner,” Chaffetz said, adding that his only outstanding question is how closely agents were monitoring Adesanya before he jumped the fence. “Was he on a watch list? Was the Secret Service aware of this individual?”::::::::But when it comes to the K-9 unit, Chaffetz added, “I can’t say enough about how valuable they are.”::::::::“I love the dogs,” he said, adding that having watched a video showing Hurricane and Jordan being assaulted, “I hated to see him punch the dogs, but obviously they could take a punch. I was thrilled to see they’re back on duty.”::::::::The Secret Service’s K-9 unit is operated by the uniformed division, which is separate from the special agents who are assigned to the presidential detail. The dogs are trained at the agency’s James. J. Rowley Training Center in Laurel, Md., a complex spanning 500 acres and 31 buildings.::::::::Former Secret Service officials said the Belgian Malinois are selected because of their unique characteristics; they are smart, strong, agile and obedient. An adult male weighs more than 60 pounds and can run in bursts twice as fast as the swiftest human. Its short hair makes it ideal for work in heat, and the Malinois are more compact, agile and higher-energy than German shepherds.::::::::The dogs are trained for specific skills — some are assigned to the bomb squad and are used during security sweeps at hotels and other buildings where the presidential entourage will be staying.::::::::The attack dogs on the White House grounds do not have any other duties than to subdue intruders, the officials said.::::::::“Once you release the dogs to their objective, there’s not much that can stop them,” said former Secret Service director Ralph Basham, who oversaw the agency from 2003 to 2006. That objective, he added, is “take them down, slam into them. There are certain parts of the body they are trained to attack. They are trained to stop the intruder and give the handler time to respond.”::::::::The Secret Service has 75 canines in all. Each dog costs $4,500, according to “In the President’s Secret Service,” a 2010 book by journalist Ronald Kessler.::::::::The agency, which began its K-9 program in 1975, puts the canine candidates through 20 weeks of training. After they are cleared for duty, they remain with their handler around the clock and undergo at least eight hours a week of refresher training.::::::::“They become part of the family,” according to the Secret Service Web site.::::::::Most Secret Service dogs work until they are about 10 years old. “When a canine is ready to retire,” the site said, “it is retired to the handler.”::::::::The canines are just one component of security on the White House grounds. Heavily armed SWAT team members with rifles and black riot gear patrol the grounds, while sharpshooting anti-sniper units are positioned on the roof. Cameras and guards are positioned at the perimeter, along with other officers inside the building.::::::::The dogs are carefully handled. They “live, breathe, sleep and eat with their handlers,” Basham said. “They are constantly training; they go back for refresher courses.”::::::::They don’t have a spotless record, however. In April 2012, Secret Service agents on a presidential trip to Cartagena, Colombia, reportedly allowed the dogs to defecate on the property of the Hotel Caribe, near the hotel manager’s room — angering the staff.::::::::The friction helped persuade the hotel management to intervene later in the trip after a late-night altercation in a hotel hallway between a Secret Service supervisor and a local prostitute who accused him of not paying her. The resulting scandal cost 10 Secret Service members their jobs and has been one of the most embarrassing episodes for the agency in recent years.::::::::Other government agencies also use the Belgian Malinois. Perhaps the most famous is the Navy SEAL-trained Belgian Malinois that operated as part of the team that cornered and killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in 2011.::::::::And fallen K-9s merit full honors. Homeland Security bestowed an official commemoration for Maxo, a 3-year-old Malinois who fell to its death in 2013 from the sixth floor of a parking area in New Orleans while doing advance sweeps for a visit by Vice President Biden.::::::::Although the dogs are thoroughly trained and disciplined, one former George W. Bush administration official recalled some trepidation among Secret Service staff about whether the dogs might inadvertently cause harm to the president’s dog Barney, a Scottish terrier.::::::::Perhaps attesting to the Belgian Malinois’ sophisticated training — or perhaps to a carefully negotiated bilateral canine detente — Barney made it through his eight years in office safe and sound. The former first pooch died in 2013, at age 12, of lymphoma.::::::::As for the White House staff, they keep their distance from the canines.::::::::“There’s probably a good reason why these animals are kept at some remove,” Earnest said during his daily briefing. “We saw pretty vividly why we keep our distance.”	
http://www.northjersey.com/news/mike-the-situation-sorrentino-of-jersey-shore-fame-has-date-set-for-tax-trial-1.1116082	Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino of 'Jersey Shore' fame has date set for tax trial	NorthJersey.com	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:58:06 -0700	Karen Sudol;The Record;Staff Writer	mike;situation;sorrentino;'jersey shore;tax trial	Reality TV personality Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino and his brother will go to trial at the beginning of December on charges stemming from failing to pay enough taxes on nearly $9 million in earnings received from promotional activities. U.S. District Judge ...	Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino of 'Jersey Shore' fame has date set for tax trial::::::::Reality TV personality Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino and his brother will go to trial at the beginning of December on charges stemming from failing to pay enough taxes on nearly $9 million in earnings received from promotional activities.:::::::: :::::::: U.S. District Judge Susan Wigenton in federal court in Newark set a Dec. 2 trial date for Mike and Marc Sorrentino, who entered not guilty pleas to the charges during a three-minute arraignment on Thursday.::::::::Neither said anything in court.:::::::: :::::::: Mike Sorrentino, wearing a dark suit and pink shirt with no tie, left the courthouse and got into  a waiting sport-utility vehicle. When asked questions such as how it went and if he was prepared for trial,::::::::Sorrentino, who was accompanied by his fiancée, looked straight ahead and said nothing.:::::::: :::::::: His lawyer, Richard Sapinski, said afterwards “we deny that Mike did anything criminally wrong.”:::::::: The conditions of their bail, set at $250,000 each, remain the same.::::::::Mike and Marc Sorrentino are accused of filing false business and personal tax returns for three years that involved $8.9 million in income from two businesses. They also failed to report some of their income and reported personal expenses, such as luxury cars and expensive clothing as business expenses, according to an indictment handed up in September.::::::::The amount they owe in taxes has not yet been determined, according to the U.S. Attorney’s Office.::::::::They have already pleaded not guilt to the crimes and each remain free on $250,000 bail. If they are each convicted of the conspiracy charge, they face a maximum of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.::::::::The Sorrentinos were supposed to appear earlier this month but Mike requested a postponement while he filmed a pre-arranged reality TV program called “Marriage Boot Camp.” The filming in Los Angeles with his fiancée was scheduled to conclude on Oct. 19. U.S. District Judge Susan D. Wigenton granted the request.::::::::Mike Sorrentino struck reality star fame on MTV’s “Jersey Shore,” which tracked the lives of eight housemates living at the Jersey Shore for several summers. It aired from December 2009 until December 2012. Marc is his brother’s manager.	
http://theweek.com/article/index/270386/michael-brown-autopsy-suggests-he-was-shot-at-close-range	Michael Brown autopsy suggests he was shot at close range	The Week Magazine	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 07:15:47 -0700	Jon Terbush	michael brown;autopsy suggests	Michael Brown, the black teenager who was shot to death by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, was shot in the hand at close range, according to a copy of the official autopsy obtained by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Ferguson police claimed Brown ...	Speed Reads is TheWeek.com's continuously updated collection of the most interesting, important, and trending things on the internet – delivered with concision, intelligence, and wit. Contact us at speedreads@theweek.com.	
http://www.latimes.com/science/sciencenow/la-sci-sn-solar-eclipse-watch-it-live-online-20141023-htmlstory.html	Solar eclipse this afternoon: Watch it live, online	Los Angeles Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 10:24:56 -0700	Contact The Reporter;Deborah Netburn;Los Angeles Times	solar;watch	Today's solar eclipse will be visible from Los Angeles. This graphic from Griffith Observatory shows what you will see and when. Today's solar eclipse will be visible from Los Angeles. This graphic from Griffith Observatory shows what you will see and when.	Hey there sky watchers! The solar eclipse is almost upon us and you can watch it live, right here.::::::::For a few hours today, the shadow of the moon will appear to take a bite out of the seemingly perfect sphere of the sun. This partial eclipse will be visible in all of the United States except New England, and most of Canada too.::::::::Here in Southern California, you will be able to spot the first trace of a shadow across the face of the sun at 2:07 p.m. PDT. The maximum eclipse, when 45% of the sun's face will be covered in shadow, occurs at 3:27 p.m. The eclipse ends entirely at 4:39 p.m.::::::::Looking directly at the sun for a long period of time is not an option -- the sun's radiation can cause permanent damage to your eyes, so you will need another strategy. We've got several for you to try, but the very easiest way to see it may be on your computer.::::::::You have a few options. The astronomy website Slooh.com will be live-streaming views of the eclipse from several telescopes across the U.S. beginning at 2 p.m. PDT. Griffith Observatory will also have a live broadcast of the eclipse beginning at 2 p.m. which you can find below.::::::::Since you will be checking out the sun anyway, see if you can locate the vast and complex sunspot group known as Active Region 12192. It has recently moved into the center of the sun and has grown to the size of Jupiter. Heliophysicist Tony Phillips of spaceweather.com says it is shaping up to be the biggest sunspot in many years.::::::::Happy eclipse viewing, and remember to keep your eyes safe!	
http://www.kansascity.com/news/business/article3325040.html	The Kansas City Star	Kansas City Star	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 10:41:38 -0700		kansas;city star	Fewer Americans filed applications for unemployment benefits over the past month than at any time in 14 years as an improving economy prompted employers to hold on to staff. The four-week average of jobless claims, a less-volatile measure than the ...	Fewer Americans filed applications for unemployment benefits over the past month than at any time in 14 years as an improving economy prompted employers to hold on to staff.::::::::The four-week average of jobless claims, a less-volatile measure than the weekly figure, dropped to 281,000, the lowest since May 2000, from 284,000 the week before, a Labor Department report showed Thursday in Washington. The reading for the week ended Oct. 18 climbed by 17,000 to 283,000, in line with the median forecast of 52 economists surveyed by Bloomberg.::::::::Sustained demand for goods and services is encouraging companies to retain workers, even as economic growth slows abroad. As a result, firings have hovered near historically low levels while gains in payrolls also bolster total income, giving households the confidence and the means to spend.::::::::“The labor market seems to be expanding pretty steadily and healthily,” David Sloan, senior economist at 4Cast. Inc. in New York, said before the report. The downtrend in claims “suggests things are gaining momentum into October.”::::::::There was nothing unusual in the data and no states were estimated, a spokesman said as the figures were released.::::::::The number of people continuing to receive jobless benefits dropped by 38,000 to 2.35 million in the week ended Oct. 11, the fewest since December 2000.::::::::In that same period, the unemployment rate among people eligible for benefits held at 1.8 percent, the report showed.::::::::Initial jobless claims reflect weekly firings and typically decrease before job growth can accelerate.	
http://www.recordnet.com/article/ZZ/20141022/NEWS/310229997/-1/A_OPINION	Renee Zellweger Explains Her New Look	Stockton Record	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 07:14:22 -0700		renee zellweger explains	Renee Zellweger set the Internet aflutter when she debuted a new look face on the red carpet Monday. But the actress insists... email · print. By TV Guide. recordnet.com. By TV Guide. Posted Oct. 22, 2014 @ 7:05 am. By TV Guide Posted Oct. 22, 2014 @ 7:05 ...	Sign up for our newsletter and have the top headlines from your community delivered right to your inbox.	
http://www.businessweek.com/ap/2014-10-23/ex-mountie-hero-of-shootout-at-canadas-parliament	Ex-Mountie hero of shootout at Canada's Parliament	Businessweek	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 11:22:09 -0700	David Crary And Jennifer Peltz	ex-mountie;canada;'s parliament	OTTAWA, Ontario (AP) — The standing ovation began even before Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers entered the Parliament chamber in his black robe, carrying the golden ceremonial mace on his right shoulder. For more than two minutes, the lawmakers ...	OTTAWA, Ontario (AP) — The standing ovation began even before Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers entered the Parliament chamber in his black robe, carrying the golden ceremonial mace on his right shoulder.::::::::For more than two minutes, the lawmakers applauded and pounded their desks Thursday for the white-haired former Mountie, hailed as a hero for shooting the gunman who had stormed Canada's seat of power just a day earlier.::::::::At first expressionless and motionless, the 58-year-old Vickers eventually responded to the ovation with a few slight nods of his head, his lips quivering with emotion.::::::::Later in the session, Prime Minster Stephen Harper lauded Vickers.::::::::"I would be very remiss if I did not conclude in acknowledging specifically the work of the security forces here on Parliament and the great work of our sergeant-at-arms," he said to more cheers and applause from the members.::::::::Harper then went over to shake Vickers' hand.::::::::"I am very touched by the attention directed at me following yesterday's events," Vickers said in a statement.::::::::"However, I have the support of a remarkable security team," he added. "Yesterday, during extraordinary circumstances, security personnel demonstrated professionalism and courage. I am grateful and proud to be part of this team."::::::::He said he would have no further immediate comment on the incident while an investigation unfolded.::::::::The gunman who invaded Parliament, identified as petty criminal Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, had been seen by witnesses minutes earlier, fatally shooting a soldier posted at the nearby National War Memorial.::::::::As shots rang out in the Parliament building, people fled the complex by scrambling down scaffolding erected for renovations, while others took cover inside as police with rifles and body armor took up positions outside and cordoned off the normally bustling streets around Parliament.::::::::Video broadcast Thursday showed Vickers moments after the gunfire, walking down a corridor in the Parliament building with a handgun in his right hand.::::::::In his statement, Vickers said one of the security officers on duty with the House of Commons, Constable Samearn Son, suffered a gunshot wound to the leg but was expected to make a full recovery.::::::::Praise for Vickers was swift and widespread.::::::::"Thank God for Sgt at Arms Kevin Vickers & our Cdn security forces. True heroes." tweeted Justice Minister Peter MacKay.::::::::Vickers, whose background includes providing security for visiting members of Britain's royal family, became sergeant-at-arms in the House of Commons eight years ago after a varied security career. He spent nearly 30 years with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, reaching the rank of chief superintendent.	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-canada-attacks-sergeant-idUSKCN0IC22G20141023	Canadian guard credited with killing gunman greeted as hero	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 11:44:48 -0700		canadian guard	OTTAWA (Reuters) - The guard credited with killing a gunman in Canada's parliament fought back tears as lawmakers greeted him with a prolonged standing ovation, cheers and whistles on Thursday when he resumed his duties. Canadian Prime Minister ...	Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and fellow lawmakers stood for a thunderous, minutes-long ovation as Kevin Vickers, Canada's Sergeant-at-Arms, led the traditional parade that opens every session of the House of Commons, dressed in ceremonial garb.::::::::Vickers, a former Royal Canadian Mounted Police Officer who is in charge of parliamentary security, was reportedly in his office on Wednesday morning when a gunman ran into the Center Block of Parliament through the open front door, with police and security guards in pursuit.::::::::Vickers, 58, drew his handgun and fired multiple shots at the gunman, according to media reports. Forensic investigation is expected to determine how the gunman died in what has been described as a hail of bullets.::::::::Canadian police were investigating a man named Michael Zehaf-Bibeau as the possible suspect, said a source familiar with the matter. U.S. officials said they had been advised he was also a convert to Islam.::::::::On Thursday, Vickers went back to work.::::::::Dressed for ceremony in black suit and hat, white tie and carrying a silver sword and golden mace, Vickers led the Speaker's Parade through the halls of parliament, where staff and security lined the route and applauded, some in tears.::::::::Once in the House of Commons, Vickers laid the mace on the center table and was greeted by the ovation from members of parliament. The gray-haired Vickers, holding back tears, nodded his thanks several times.::::::::"I am very touched by the attention directed at me following yesterday's events," Vickers said in a statement that shared credit with his security team. "As this is an ongoing investigation, I unfortunately cannot comment any further at this time."::::::::The prime minister crossed the floor to shake Vickers' hand and hug him, and the leaders of both opposition parties all offered similar tribute.::::::::"Kevin, without your service a terrible situation would have become much worse," Liberal leader Justin Trudeau said in parliament.::::::::Opposition leader Thomas Mulcair praised Vickers and his security team: "The courage and professionalism they showed in the face of such brutality embodies what is the best in what it means to be Canadian."::::::::Green Party Leader Elizabeth May got a smile and a thumbs-up from Vickers when she suggested letting him go fly-fishing in Miramichi, his hometown in rural New Brunswick.::::::::Canadians have hailed Vickers, a decorated police veteran who has previously advocated "no walls around Canada's parliamentary buildings," as a hero.::::::::"Anyone who thought Canada's Sergeant-at-Arms role was an archaic novelty now understands the man holding the scepter has a deadly serious job," the Calgary Sun newspaper wrote.::::::::Twitter user @jm_mcgrath tweeted: "Bill C-633, the Kevin Vickers never pays for his own drinks in this country again Act."	
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/23/us-islamic-state-oil-sales/	ISIS Inc.: US official reveals how terror network makes its millions	Fox News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 11:45:02 -0700		isis;official reveals;terror network	Islamic State militants are amassing a fortune through their web of criminal activity, including earning roughly $1 million a day from oil smuggling alone, according to a Treasury Department official who on Thursday provided unprecedented details about the ...	Islamic State militants are amassing a fortune through their web of criminal activity, including earning roughly $1 million a day from oil smuggling alone, according to a Treasury Department official who on Thursday provided unprecedented details about the illicit financial network.::::::::David Cohen, who leads the department's effort to undermine the Islamic State's finances, described the organization as one of the best-financed terror groups in the world.::::::::"It has amassed wealth at an unprecedented pace,” Cohen said.::::::::Cohen said the Islamic State, which the U.S. and its allies have been pounding with airstrikes in Iraq and Syria, are earning millions from a combination of oil sales, ransoms and extortion schemes.::::::::Cohen said kidnappings and ransom payments have brought in at least $20 million this year. He said the extortion and other criminal activity is bringing in several million per month.::::::::Cohen, undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence, spoke at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington, and later at the White House.::::::::Cohen stressed the black market oil sales, which he said bring in about $1 million a day. He said the U.S. is trying to track down the middle men and other players to interrupt those sales. Cohen said these smuggling networks have been around for a long time and did not “pop up overnight,” but now it is clear that the oil is coming from the Islamic State.::::::::The Treasury Department said the group is selling oil at substantially discounted prices to a variety of middlemen, including some from Turkey, who then transport it to be resold. "It also appears that some of the oil emanating from territory where ISIL operates has been sold to Kurds in Iraq, and then resold into Turkey," he said.::::::::Cohen said the Syrian government, too, has allegedly arranged to buy oil from the Islamic State – though the terror group ostensibly is fighting Syrian President Bashar Assad.::::::::Unlike the core Al Qaeda terrorist network, ISIS gets only a small share of funding from deep-pocketed donors and therefore does not depend primarily on moving money across international borders. Instead, the Islamic State group obtains the vast majority of its revenues through local criminal and terrorist activities, Cohen said, acknowledging that Treasury's tools are not particularly well-suited to combating extortion and local crime.::::::::"They rob banks. They lay waste to thousands of years of civilization in Iraq and Syria by looting and selling antiquities," he said. "They steal livestock and crops from farmers. And despicably, they sell abducted girls and women as sex slaves."::::::::In the Iraqi city of Mosul, Islamic State terrorists are reportedly going door-to-door, business-to-business, demanding cash at gunpoint, he said.::::::::"A grocery store owner who refused to pay was warned with a bomb outside his shop. Others, who have not paid, have seen their relatives kidnapped.  ...  We've also seen reports that when customers make cash withdrawals from local banks where ISIL operates, ISIL has demanded as much as 10 percent of the value." Cohen said, using an acronym for the group.::::::::Most of the group's money, however, comes from extracting oil and selling it to smugglers, who, in turn, transport the oil outside territory under Islamic State control.::::::::Cohen noted that U.S-led airstrikes on the group's oil refineries are threatening the militants' supply networks and that Turkey and the Kurdistan Regional Government -- the official ruling body of the predominantly Kurdish region of northern Iraq --are working to prevent IS oil from crossing their borders.::::::::Cohen acknowledged, however, that IS moves oil in illicit networks outside the formal economy, making it harder to track.::::::::"But at some point, that oil is acquired by someone who operates in the legitimate economy and who makes use of the financial system. He has a bank account. His business may be financed, his trucks may be insured, his facilities may be licensed," he said.::::::::"We not only can cut them off from the U.S. financial system and freeze their assets, but we can also make it very difficult for them to find a bank anywhere that will touch their money or process their transactions."::::::::The Associated Press contributed to this report.	
http://www.ctvnews.ca/sports/unc-cheating-scandal-included-athletes-fake-classes-automatic-grades-1.2067807	UNC cheating scandal included athletes, fake classes, automatic grades	CTV News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 10:06:18 -0700		unc;fake classes;automatic grades	CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- Bogus classes and automatic A's and B's are at the heart of a cheating scandal at the University of North Carolina that lasted nearly two decades, encompassing about 3,100 students -- nearly half of them athletes. At least nine university ...	Aaron Beard and Emery P. Dalesio, The Associated Press :::::::: ::::::::::::::::CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- Bogus classes and automatic A's and B's are at the heart of a cheating scandal at the University of North Carolina that lasted nearly two decades, encompassing about 3,100 students -- nearly half of them athletes.::::::::At least nine university employees were fired or under disciplinary review, and the question now becomes what, if anything, the NCAA will do next. Penalties could range from fewer scholarships to vacated wins.::::::::Most of the athletes were football players or members of the school's cherished basketball program, which won three of its five national titles during the scandal (1993, 2005, 2009).::::::::Many at the university hoped the eight-month investigation by former U.S. Justice Department official Kenneth Wainstein would bring some closure. Instead, it found more academic fraud than previous investigations by the NCAA and the school, exposing a "shadow curriculum" run within the former African and Afro-American Studies (AFAM) department from 1993 to 2011.::::::::The UNC case stands out among academic scandals at Harvard, Duke and the Naval Academy, said Howard Gardner, a professor at Harvard's Graduate School of Education who studies cheating.::::::::"I think the existence of fake classes and automatic grades -- you might say an athlete track, where essentially you might as well not have the university at all -- I think that's pretty extreme. I hope it's pretty extreme," he said.::::::::North Carolina athletic director Bubba Cunningham wouldn't speculate on any possible sanctions.::::::::"We'll work with the NCAA and work through the report with them as part of our ongoing investigation," Cunningham said. "That's going to take some time."::::::::The scandal reached back to the final years of legendary men's basketball coach Dean Smith's tenure, as well as John Swofford's stint as athletic director before becoming Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner.::::::::The NCAA reopened its probe over the summer. Cunningham said the school had no immediate plans to impose its own penalties as it did during an NCAA investigation into the football program that began in 2010.::::::::The school and the NCAA said in a joint statement they would review Wainstein's report "under the same standards that are applied in all NCAA infractions cases." They declined to comment on possible rules violations.::::::::The focus was courses that required only a research paper that was often scanned quickly by a secretary, who gave out high grades regardless of the quality of work. The report also outlined how counsellors for athletes steered struggling students to the classes, with two counsellors even suggesting grades. Several knew the courses were easy and didn't have an instructor.::::::::Chancellor Carol Folt wouldn't identify the terminated employees or those facing disciplinary review.::::::::"I think it's very clear that this is an academic, an athletic and a university problem," Folt said.::::::::Wainstein's report said it found no evidence of similar problems in other departments. In addition, Hall of Fame men's basketball coach Roy Williams and other current coaches said they were aware there were independent study courses offering easy grades, but they didn't know the classes were fake.::::::::Wainstein said he found no reason not to believe them.::::::::Faculty and administration officials missed or looked past red flags, such as unusually high numbers of independent study course enrollments in the department, the report said.::::::::"By the mid-2000s, these classes had become a primary -- if not the primary -- way that struggling athletes kept themselves from having eligibility problems," the report said.::::::::Unlike previous inquiries by former Gov. Jim Martin and the school, Wainstein had the co-operation of former department chairman Julius Nyang'oro and retired office administrator Deborah Crowder -- the two people at the centre of the scandal.::::::::Nyang'oro was indicted in December on a felony fraud charge, though it was dropped after he agreed to co-operate with Wainstein's probe. Crowder was never charged.::::::::It was Crowder who started the paper classes to help struggling students with "watered-down requirements" not long after Nyang'oro became chairman in 1992, according to the report. Though not a faculty member, she registered students for the courses, assigned topics and handed out high grades regardless of the work and also signed Nyang'oro's name to grade rolls.::::::::By 1999, in an apparent effort to work around the number of independent studies students could take, Crowder began offering lecture classes that didn't meet.::::::::After her retirement in 2009, Nyang'oro met requests from football counsellors to continue the sham classes and graded papers "with an eye to boosting" a student's grade-point average, according to the report. He stepped down in 2011 as questions were raised.::::::::Beth Bridger, one of the former football counsellors named in Wainstein's report, was fired Wednesday as an academic adviser for athletes at the University of North Carolina at Wilmington. A school spokeswoman Janine Iamunno said it would not comment further. Bridger was hired there in January.	
http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/hagan-and-tillis-all-out-war-north-carolina-senate-seat	Hagan and Tillis in all-out war for North Carolina Senate seat	MSNBC	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 11:19:37 -0700		hagan;tillis;all-out war;carolina;senate seat	WILSON, N.C. — Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan has been in sticky situations before. She spent summers working on her grandparents' North Carolina tobacco farm, pulling apart tobacco leaves and handing them down the line — hot, gummy work harvesting a ...	WILSON, N.C. — Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan has been in sticky situations before. She spent summers working on her grandparents’ North Carolina tobacco farm, pulling apart tobacco leaves and handing them down the line — hot, gummy work harvesting a crop that’s critical to the state’s agriculture industry and heritage.::::::::“I loved it,” she said as she toured Sharp Farms, which grows tobacco and sweet potatoes, on a cool fall afternoon two weeks before Election Day. That’s when voters will decide whether to send the first-term Democratic senator back to Washington or replace her with Republican Thom Tillis. But North Carolina voters aren’t hearing much about Hagan’s roots, or about her background as part of a military family, or really anything that’s positive — or personal — about her at all. MSNBC’s Kasie Hunt travels to North Carolina to preview the Senate race between Kay Hagan and Thom Tillis. It’s expected to become the most expensive race in history.::::::::Instead, her race against Tillis, the speaker of the state house, is a negative, talking-point-filled, all-out air war that reflects the national political debate more than almost any other Senate race this year. It’s all here: Discontent with the president, unhappiness with conservative state governance, changing demographics, a flood of outside cash and, of late, the general anxiety that’s pervaded a nation suddenly grappling with threats from the Islamic State, Ebola and terrorism.::::::::“We need to make sure that we have people at the top that are getting the situation under control and making Americans feel like they’re not making up the plays as they go,” Tillis told msnbc in an interview this week.::::::::Up until now, the race has been largely about whether voters were unhappier with a conservative state government in Raleigh that’s cut education and limited early voting, or with President Obama’s administration in Washington. Hagan has held a slim lead in polls, and until recently, she seemed to be in a safer position than other vulnerable Senate Democrats. In the final weeks, Tillis has pivoted to an argument about safety and security, and Republicans insist it’s changing the landscape of the race.::::::::Earlier this month, Tillis said, “Ladies and gentlemen, we’ve got an Ebola outbreak, we have bad actors that can come across the border. We need to seal the border and secure it.”::::::::RELATED: Kay Hagan and Thom Tillis duke it out over education, ISIS::::::::But this week, he left the word “Ebola” out of his standard campaign speech. “I don’t necessarily expect a mass outbreak in the United States,” he said Tuesday night. Instead, both he and Hagan were back to their main focus: Attacking each other in broad strokes.::::::::“The only thing that Sen. Hagan has shown independence of is the citizens of North Carolina since she became a U.S. senator,” Tillis said Wednesday during a campaign stop with Rep. Paul Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican who was the party’s vice presidential nominee in 2012.::::::::RELATED: Issues that matter to new voters::::::::“I think all of us have seen some of the most disastrous things taking place in North Carolina since Thom Tillis has been speaker of the house,” Hagan said during a stop at a barbecue joint in eastern North Carolina on Tuesday.::::::::Both Tillis and Hagan are struggling to answer questions that also define their political parties nationally. For Hagan, it’s Obama. She struggled to say whether the president has been a strong leader, initially saying he “has a lot on his plate” before eventually concluding that, “no, certainly there are issues that I certainly think — um, no.”::::::::For Tillis, it’s the party’s conservative orthodoxy, particularly on issues like Medicare and Social Security. Democrats have worked to make Medicare an issue in the campaign, claiming that Ryan’s budget would “end Medicare as we know it” and tying Tillis to the plan.::::::::A day before he appeared with Ryan, Tillis struggled to explain if he disagreed with any portions of the Wisconsin congressman’s controversial budget plan.::::::::With no Kay Hagan, Thom Tillis debates an empty chair Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan agreed to three debates against Thom Tillis in July, and that did not include Tuesday night’s debate. The solution? Tillis spent an hour talking to a statewide audience and an empty chair. Kasie Hunt weighs in. Plus, Adam Smith a::::::::He added: “What Congressman Ryan is trying to do is make sure that we can fulfill the promises that we’ve made.”::::::::And even Ryan, in an appearance at Wingate University, campaigned on Medicare, telling students that Hagan had “raided” and “robbed” the program by voting for the health care law.::::::::For both parties, North Carolina will be a test of turnout machinery. On the Republican side, the Koch-backed group Americans for Prosperity is testing its own organizing prowess, opening offices across the state and putting what’s becoming an outsourced GOP data operation to the test.::::::::For Democrats, it’s about making sure the Obama coalition that backed the president in 2008 shows up at the polls. That means motivating African-American voters — a tricky task for Hagan, who has to convince them it’s worth showing up for her while still declaring independence from a president who black voters overwhelmingly still support.::::::::To do it, she’s making a point to discuss new voting restrictions during her campaign speeches — and, in an interview, invoking John Lewis’ fight for voting rights.::::::::RELATED: How much do you know about the North Carolina Senate race?::::::::“Thom Tillis put barriers up to the ballot box in 2014. “I was with John Lewis recently, and I actually went to Alabama with John a year ago and walked the Pettus Bridge where he was beaten to a pulp to get the right — that constitutional right — to vote,” Hagan said. “And when I see what happened in those situations, I mean, why in the world would we respect somebody who puts these barriers up?”::::::::A diverse crowd came to see Hagan speak at Wilber’s, a famous eastern North Carolina barbecue joint. Ed Cromartie, one of the county commissioners, told msnbc that a vote for Hagan was a vote to back up Obama. “It has to be,” he said.::::::::Another African-American supporter told Hagan: “We’ve got your back.”	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/10/23/jersey-shore-situation-tax-fraud/17779047/	Reality-show star pleads not guilty in tax 'Situation'	USA TODAY	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 11:29:06 -0700	Edt October;Bob Jordan;Asbury Park;P M;N J	reality-show;tax 'situation	NEWARK – It's a $9 million situation for "The Situation.'' Jersey Shore reality TV star Mike "The Situation'' Sorrentino entered a plea of not guilty Thursday to cheating the government out of taxes. Sorrentino, 32, appeared before U.S. District Judge Susan D.	NEWARK – It's a $9 million situation for "The Situation.''::::::::Jersey Shore reality TV star Mike "The Situation'' Sorrentino entered a plea of not guilty Thursday to cheating the government out of taxes.::::::::Sorrentino, 32, appeared before U.S. District Judge Susan D. Wigenton for his arraignment. The Sept. 25 indictment accuses Mike and his brother Marc of filing false business and personal tax returns in 2010, 2011 and 2012 involving $8.9 million in earnings. The pair failed to report some of their income and they reported some personal expenses, like luxury cars, expensive clothing and personal grooming bills, as business expenses.::::::::Both remain out on $250,000 bail.::::::::Richard J. Sapinski, the attorney for "The Situation,'' told Wigenton in court that "Mr. Sorrentino pleads not guilty on all counts relating to him.''::::::::Sorrentino didn't speak and also had nothing to say as he walked past TV crews outside the courthouse.::::::::Sorrentino delayed the original court hearing date of Oct. 6 in his tax fraud case so he could film another reality TV show. He and his fiancee are scheduled to appear on Marriage Boot Camp, which filmed for two weeks ending Oct. 19.::::::::This is far from Sorrentino's first appearance in court. On Sept. 29, a complaint alleging that the MTV reality star wrote bad checks was dismissed, according to a Middletown Township court official.::::::::The reality TV star also is due to appear in the township's court again on Oct. 27 for a hearing related to his arrest July 15 on assault charges at the Boca Tanning Club, a local business he owns with his family.	
http://online.wsj.com/articles/north-korean-detainee-jeffrey-fowle-reunited-with-family-in-ohio-1413985976	American Freed by North Korea Reunites with Family	Wall Street Journal	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 06:53:18 -0700	Felicia Schwartz;Felicia Schwartz Wsj Com	freed;korea reunites	Jeffrey Fowle is greeted by family members on his arrival at Wright-Patterson Airforce Base on Wednesday morning in Dayton, Ohio. David Kohl/Associated Press. WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, Ohio—An Ohio man detained for nearly half a year ...	WASHINGTON—An American man freed by North Korea after several months in detention has returned home to Ohio to a reunion with his family.::::::::Jeffrey Fowle, 56, traveling on a military plane, landed at 6:45 a.m. at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio, said Laura McGowan, a spokeswoman for the base. Mr. Fowle was greeted by his family when he landed, officials said.::::::::Mr. Fowle’s three children didn’t know why they were headed to the Air Force Base early on a dark, cold and overcast morning, along with their mother, uncle, other relatives and friends. Soon, however, they saw their father standing in the door of the military aircraft, Col. John Devillier, the base commander, said in an interview.::::::::“When they saw him in the doorway of the aircraft, they were like, ‘Oh my god, it’s Dad.’ They were hesitant when he came down the stairs and weren’t sure what to do—I just kind of leaned over to them and said ‘Go see your dad,’ and they took off,” Col. Devillier said. He added that Mr. Fowle’s children were the first to greet him and that they had a tearful reunion with their father.::::::::The mood was “very joyous,” Col. Devillier said. “There were tears of happiness.”::::::::The State Department announced Tuesday that Mr. Fowle had been released from North Korean custody. He was arrested earlier this year in North Korea after leaving behind a Bible while on a group tour.::::::::North Korea made its first statement about Mr. Fowle’s release late Wednesday local time, attributing the move to its leader, Kim Jong Un. The Korean Central News Agency said Mr. Kim made the decision to release Mr. Fowle “taking into consideration the repeated requests of U.S. President Obama.”::::::::U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said there was no “quid pro quo” with North Korea to secure Mr. Fowle’s release.::::::::As a condition of his release, the Defense Department sent a plane to Pyongyang to pick Mr. Fowle up, in a time frame specified by the North Korean government. The U.S. doesn’t have diplomatic relations with North Korea and has been working through the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang to secure Mr. Fowle’s release and that of two other Americans. Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller remain in North Korean custody, and both were sentenced to hard labor.::::::::In a statement released by Mr. Fowle’s lawyer, Tim Tepe, the Fowle family thanked “the State Department, the embassy of Sweden, former ambassador Tony Hall and many others.”::::::::The family’s statement said they were “overjoyed by Jeff’s return,” but “mindful that Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller continue to be detained in the DPRK, and understand the disappointment their families are experiencing today that their loved ones did not return home with Jeff.”::::::::Mr. Fowle is in good health, the statement said, and was treated well by the North Korean government. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said Mr. Fowle was checked by a doctor.::::::::Mr. Fowle, from Miamisburg, Ohio, worked in nearby Moraine on road maintenance projects until his employment was terminated last month, according to David Hicks, Moraine’s city manager. Mr. Hicks said the job almost certainly will be reinstated.::::::::The city was preparing to pay Mr. Fowle’s family approximately $70,000 in accrued severance benefits when he was released by North Korea, but which was never finally paid out.	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-usa-illinois-lockdown-idUSKCN0IC25520141023	Lockdown lifted for Chicago suburban high school	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 11:50:44 -0700		lockdown;chicago;suburban high school	CHICAGO (Reuters) - A Chicago suburban high school that was on lockdown for about two hours on Thursday resumed normal activities after police found that an unattended package did not pose any threat. Hoffman Estates High School, located about 31 ...	CHICAGO (Reuters) - A Chicago suburban high school that was on lockdown for about two hours on Thursday resumed normal activities after police found that an unattended package did not pose any threat.::::::::Hoffman Estates High School, located about 31 miles northwest of Chicago, said on its website that the package was located on the outer perimeter of the campus.::::::::At the time of the discovery, the high school was serving as one of the host sites for the Illinois High School Association girls state tennis tournament::::::::The brief lockdown came on the second day of the closure of a school in the Chicago suburb of Skokie while police investigate threatening posts sent to students via Instagram, a social media platform, according to the website for McCracken Middle School.::::::::The school called the posts "inappropriate and threatening."	
http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/world/2014-10/23/c_133737958.htm	DPRK warns against anti-Pyongyang leaflet drop - Xinhua	Xinhua	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 05:00:29 -0700		dprk;anti-pyongyang leaflet drop;xinhua	PYONGYANG, Oct. 23 (Xinhua) -- The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on Thursday reiterated its call for South Korea to halt spreading anti-DPRK leaflets across the border and warned otherwise north-south relations will be pushed to "an ...	PYONGYANG, Oct. 23 (Xinhua) -- The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on Thursday reiterated its call for South Korea to halt spreading anti-DPRK leaflets across the border and warned otherwise north-south relations will be pushed to "an uncontrollable catastrophe."::::::::"Leaflet scattering is a very dangerous act which may not only drive the north-south relations into catastrophe but spark off even a war," the Secretariat of the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea said in a information bulletin.::::::::Civic groups in South Korea will reportedly launch another campaign of dropping leaflets carrying with anti-DPRK propaganda this Saturday. Pyongyang said it will be watching with vigilance what takes place in South Korea.::::::::The situation on the Korean Peninsula would "reach an alarming phase" if another round of leaflet-scattering campaign is launched despite Pyongyang's repeated warnings, the bulletin said.::::::::On Oct. 10, the DPRK fired machine gun at the balloons carrying anti-government leaflets floated by a South Korean civic group. The two sides traded machine gun fires after some of the bullets fell south of border.::::::::DPRK may heighten tension in border area to protest anti-DPRK leaflets--Seoul::::::::SEOUL, Oct. 20 (Xinhua) -- Possibilities cannot be ruled out that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) has recently heightened tensions near the inter-Korean border area to protest against South Korean civic groups flying anti-DPRK leaflets across the border, Seoul's defense ministry said Monday.::::::::Defense Ministry spokesman Kim Min-seok told a press briefing that there are some thinkable intentions of the DPRK behind provocations during the weekend, including preparations to shift responsibility on South Korea for another provocation in case of civic groups dispersing anti-DPRK leaflets in the border area.::::::::SEOUL, Oct. 17 (Xinhua) -- South Korea on Friday called for self-restraint of civic groups flying leaflets against the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) across the border, though it reiterated that the government cannot forcibly ban the scattering of the anti-DPRK leaflets.::::::::Unification Ministry spokesman Lim Byeong-cheol told a press briefing that there is no change in the basic stance over the anti- DPRK leaflets dispersion that the government cannot forcibly restrict civic groups flying such leaflets.	
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/23/obama-hit-for-hedging-on-terrorist-attack-unlike-canadian-pm/	White House condemns 'despicable terrorist attacks' in Canada	Fox News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 12:15:54 -0700		white house condemns;'despicable terrorist attacks;canada	The White House on Thursday called the twin attacks this week against Canadian soldiers "despicable terrorist attacks" -- after President Obama had taken criticism for hedging his characterization a day earlier of the shooting at Canada's government complex ...	The White House on Thursday called the twin attacks this week against Canadian soldiers "despicable terrorist attacks" -- after President Obama had taken criticism for hedging his characterization a day earlier of the shooting at Canada's government complex.::::::::Press Secretary Josh Earnest addressed the tragedy at the briefing Thursday afternoon. "Our hearts go out to the victims of the despicable terrorist attacks that occurred in Canada this week. Canada is one of our closest allies, partners, and friends in the world and we stand shoulder-to-shoulder with them in solidarity," he said.::::::::Details still are emerging about the gunman in Wednesday's shooting, but reports say he recently converted to Islam and desperately wanted to move to the Middle East. The attack came just one day after Canada raised its terror alert and two days after another jihadist convert, Martin Couture-Rouleau, killed a uniformed Canadian soldier in a hit-and-run in Quebec. Couture-Rouleau, who was killed by police, had recently had his passport seized to bar him from traveling to join the Islamic State, or ISIS.::::::::The Obama administration had said little until Wednesday about the hit-and-run, which came shortly after Canada's Parliament voted to join the U.S.-led airstrike campaign against ISIS.::::::::Late Wednesday, Obama addressed both attacks after speaking with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, who was unequivocal in declaring his country had been the victim of a "terrorist."::::::::The president stressed they "don't yet have all the information about what motivated the shooting" and whether "this was part of a broader network or plan or whether this was an individual or series of individuals who decided to take these actions."::::::::Obama added: "But it emphasizes the degree to which we have to remain vigilant when it comes to dealing with these kinds of acts of senseless violence or terrorism." He said it is important to recognize "that when it comes to dealing with terrorist activity that Canada and the United States has to be entirely in sync."::::::::Absent at the time was a direct reference to the gunman in Wednesday's shooting being a terrorist.::::::::Earlier in the day, perhaps reflecting a desire not to get ahead of Ottawa in describing the attack, Earnest had said he was not "in a position to render a judgment" on whether the attack was terrorism.::::::::By contrast, Harper declared in a televised address late Wednesday that the attacker was a "terrorist."::::::::He said the Canadian soldier who died was "murdered in cold blood as he provided a ceremonial honor guard at Canada's National War Memorial." He said the soldier killed earlier in the week was also struck "by an ISIL-inspired terrorist."::::::::The prime minister declared: "We will not be intimidated."::::::::Harper repeated that message in an address on Thursday to Parliament, saying, "We will not run scared."::::::::Describing the threat, he said, "It is hard to appreciate, understand, fathom, how we can have people who so despise or are involved in a movement who so want violence ... How they can kill, want to kill anyone who looks or thinks different from them."::::::::U.S. lawmakers noted a difference in how Obama tackled the subject, versus Harper.::::::::"I'm very encouraged to hear Prime Minister Harper really speak the truth," Rep. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla., told Fox News. He noted that the U.S. government still will not describe the 2009 Fort Hood massacre as terrorism, instead using the term "workplace violence."::::::::Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told Fox News: "When you see an honor guard killed -- murdered -- you have got to start with the idea that this is terrorism, not just, 'Hey, let's downplay this.'"::::::::Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., said the U.S. government needs to be "more aggressive" in monitoring for lone-wolf terrorism.::::::::The Obama administration long has faced Republican criticism that it avoids terms like "Islamic terrorism," following attacks ranging from the Fort Hood massacre to the 2012 Benghazi attack, which the administration initially blamed on a protest gone awry.	
http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/secret-service-guard-dogs-are-in-spotlight-after-latest-white-house-fence-jumping/2014/10/23/81ece3f4-5ac3-11e4-b812-38518ae74c67_story.html	Secret Service guard dogs are in spotlight after latest White House fence jumping	Washington Post	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 11:27:10 -0700		secret service guard dogs;white house fence	The apprehension of a man who jumped the White House fence Wednesday night and was bitten by a guard dog highlighted one of the Secret Service's most effective weapons: its canines. Secret Service agents and K-9 units quickly subdued the latest fence ...	A man jumped the White House fence Wednesday night and was taken into custody after being bitten by a guard dog, just weeks after another fence jumper made it deep into the executive mansion. (Fox News)::::::::A man jumped the White House fence Wednesday night and was taken into custody after being bitten by a guard dog, just weeks after another fence jumper made it deep into the executive mansion. (Fox News)::::::::The apprehension of a man who jumped the White House fence Wednesday night and was bitten by a guard dog highlighted one of the Secret Service’s most effective weapons: its canines.::::::::Secret Service agents and K-9 units quickly subdued the latest fence jumper, whom authorities identified as Dominic Adesanya, 23, of Bel Air, Md., after he punched two of the Secret Service dogs, Hurricane and Jordan, authorities say.::::::::The two animals were taken to a veterinarian and treated for minor bruising they suffered during the incident, according to agency spokesman Edwin Donovan, while Adesanya was taken to a hospital with injuries from a dog bite and is now in the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service.::::::::“Both K-9s were cleared for duty by the veterinarian,” Donovan wrote in an e-mail.::::::::Adesanya has been charged with two counts of assault on a police officer — a charge that stems from the attack on the dogs — along with one count of making threats and four counts of resisting and unlawful entry, Donovan added. All the charges except for resisting and unlawful threats are felonies; Adesanya was unarmed at the time of his arrest.::::::::Adesanya’s rapid apprehension posed a marked contrast to the agency’s handling of Omar J. Gonzalez, a 42-year-old Army veteran who authorities say jumped the White House fence and ran far into the executive mansion through an unlocked front door on Sept. 19. The incident involving Gonzalez, whose arraignment was delayed Tuesday and who is now scheduled to undergo a mental-health evaluation within 30 days, set off a series of embarrassing revelations about the Secret Service and helped lead to the resignation of its then-director, Julia Pierson.::::::::In the case of Gonzalez, the agency’s guard dogs were not released, raising questions about a security breakdown at the White House. Under the Secret Service’s protocols, there was supposed to be an attack dog, a specialized SWAT team and a guard at the front door at the ready if the officer in a guard booth on the North Lawn was unable to reach the intruder.::::::::A panel of outside security and operations experts is reviewing the breakdowns at the direction of the Department of Homeland Security and is expected to recommend reforms by mid-December.::::::::The decision not to release the dog last month is part of that review. Some people familiar with the incident say the handler probably felt he could not release the dog, because so many officers were in pursuit of Gonzalez and the dog may have attacked them instead.::::::::Of Wednesday night’s incident, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the episode “underscored the professionalism of the men and women of the Secret Service. In a moment’s notice, they spring into action to protect the White House, the first family and those of us who work here every day. That’s a sentiment shared by the first family, who are very appreciative of their vigilance.”::::::::Earnest added that “it would be fair for anyone to conclude that the results from last night’s efforts were better compared to the results” from last month’s intruder incident.::::::::Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), who chairs the House Oversight and Government Reform subcommittee on national security, praised the Secret Service in an interview for defending the president so effectively Wednesday.::::::::“The swiftness of the response was impressive. They’re obviously dealing with a difficult situation, and they got him out of there in a rapid and professional manner,” Chaffetz said, adding that his only outstanding question is how closely agents were monitoring Adesanya before he jumped the fence. “Was he on a watch list? Was the Secret Service aware of this individual?”::::::::But when it comes to the K-9 unit, Chaffetz added, “I can’t say enough about how valuable they are.”::::::::“I love the dogs,” he said, adding that having watched a video showing Hurricane and Jordan being assaulted, “I hated to see him punch the dogs, but obviously they could take a punch. I was thrilled to see they’re back on duty.”::::::::The Secret Service’s K-9 unit is operated by the uniformed division, which is separate from the special agents who are assigned to the presidential detail. The dogs are trained at the agency’s James. J. Rowley Training Center in Laurel, Md., a complex spanning 500 acres and 31 buildings.::::::::Former Secret Service officials said the Belgian Malinois are selected because of their unique characteristics; they are smart, strong, agile and obedient. An adult male weighs more than 60 pounds and can run in bursts twice as fast as the swiftest human. Its short hair makes it ideal for work in heat, and the Malinois are more compact, agile and higher-energy than German shepherds.::::::::The dogs are trained for specific skills — some are assigned to the bomb squad and are used during security sweeps at hotels and other buildings where the presidential entourage will be staying.::::::::The attack dogs on the White House grounds do not have any other duties than to subdue intruders, the officials said.::::::::“Once you release the dogs to their objective, there’s not much that can stop them,” said former Secret Service director Ralph Basham, who oversaw the agency from 2003 to 2006. That objective, he added, is “take them down, slam into them. There are certain parts of the body they are trained to attack. They are trained to stop the intruder and give the handler time to respond.”::::::::The Secret Service has 75 canines in all. Each dog costs $4,500, according to “In the President’s Secret Service,” a 2010 book by journalist Ronald Kessler.::::::::The agency, which began its K-9 program in 1975, puts the canine candidates through 20 weeks of training. After they are cleared for duty, they remain with their handler around the clock and undergo at least eight hours a week of refresher training.::::::::“They become part of the family,” according to the Secret Service Web site.::::::::Most Secret Service dogs work until they are about 10 years old. “When a canine is ready to retire,” the site said, “it is retired to the handler.”::::::::The canines are just one component of security on the White House grounds. Heavily armed SWAT team members with rifles and black riot gear patrol the grounds, while sharpshooting anti-sniper units are positioned on the roof. Cameras and guards are positioned at the perimeter, along with other officers inside the building.::::::::The dogs are carefully handled. They “live, breathe, sleep and eat with their handlers,” Basham said. “They are constantly training; they go back for refresher courses.”::::::::They don’t have a spotless record, however. In April 2012, Secret Service agents on a presidential trip to Cartagena, Colombia, reportedly allowed the dogs to defecate on the property of the Hotel Caribe, near the hotel manager’s room — angering the staff.::::::::The friction helped persuade the hotel management to intervene later in the trip after a late-night altercation in a hotel hallway between a Secret Service supervisor and a local prostitute who accused him of not paying her. The resulting scandal cost 10 Secret Service members their jobs and has been one of the most embarrassing episodes for the agency in recent years.::::::::Other government agencies also use the Belgian Malinois. Perhaps the most famous is the Navy SEAL-trained Belgian Malinois that operated as part of the team that cornered and killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in 2011.::::::::And fallen K-9s merit full honors. Homeland Security bestowed an official commemoration for Maxo, a 3-year-old Malinois who fell to its death in 2013 from the sixth floor of a parking area in New Orleans while doing advance sweeps for a visit by Vice President Biden.::::::::Although the dogs are thoroughly trained and disciplined, one former George W. Bush administration official recalled some trepidation among Secret Service staff about whether the dogs might inadvertently cause harm to the president’s dog Barney, a Scottish terrier.::::::::Perhaps attesting to the Belgian Malinois’ sophisticated training — or perhaps to a carefully negotiated bilateral canine detente — Barney made it through his eight years in office safe and sound. The former first pooch died in 2013, at age 12, of lymphoma.::::::::As for the White House staff, they keep their distance from the canines.::::::::“There’s probably a good reason why these animals are kept at some remove,” Earnest said during his daily briefing. “We saw pretty vividly why we keep our distance.”	
http://www.businessinsider.com/unc-fake-class-scandal-details-2014-10	UNC Fake Class Scandal Details	Business Insider	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:20:29 -0700	Peter Jacobs;Associated Press	unc fake;scandal details	unc university north carolina basketball students REUTERS/Ellen Ozier University of North Carolina fans celebrate on the court following North Carolina's win over Duke during their NCAA basketball game in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, on March 5, 2011.	An academic scandal at the University of North Carolina over fake classes unfolded over nearly two decades and involved about 3,100 students, nearly half of them athletes, former Justice Department official Kenneth Wainstein found in a report released Wednesday.::::::::The scandal centers around so-called "paper classes" — which typically never met and only required a final paper — that were offered through the African and Afro-American Studies department. According to Wednesday's report, these classes were explicity utilized by members of both UNC academic and athletic departments to help athletes achieve a minimum GPA in order to maintain their NCAA eligibility.::::::::Since the report was released Wednesday, at least nine UNC employees have been targeted for firings or disciplinary actions, a group that appears to include a former faculty chairwoman and "preeminent scholar on sports ethics," according to student newspaper The Daily Tarheel.::::::::It remains to be seen if the NCAA will take any action against UNC, but could potentially vacate wins that took place during this period, including three national basketball championships.::::::::Here are details about the fake classes that students didn't have to show up for, according to the report.::::::::The now-retired secretary of the African and Afro-American Studies had a soft spot for athletes and started the independent study classes in 1992.::::::::Even though she was not a faculty member, Deborah Crowder registered students in the courses, assigned topics and handed out As and Bs after a quick scan of final papers regardless of work quality. By 1999, Crowder began offering lecture classes that didn't meet, apparently to get around limits on the number of independent studies courses students could take.::::::::Knowing the classes were easy As and Bs, counselors who helped athletes pick courses recommended them to struggling students.::::::::When Crowder left the school in 2009, former department chairman Julius Nyang'oro continued the practice until questions were asked in 2011 and he resigned.::::::::More than 3,100 students. About 47% of them were athletes. The classes "were especially popular among student-athletes, particularly those who played the 'revenue' sports of football and men's basketball," the report said, "as key to helping academically challenged student-athletes remain eligible and on the playing field."::::::::Half were football players, 12% were men's basketball players, 6% were women's basketball players, and the remaining came from other sports.::::::::University Chancellor Carol Folt said no current coach was involved. Though most of the men's basketball players who enrolled in the classes did so since coach Roy Williams arrived in 2003, oversight of their academic progress was left to two of his assistants. Ten of the 15 players on the 2005 team, when the Tar Heels won a national championship, were African and Afro-American Studies majors.::::::::The report makes clear that the UNC football coaching staff knew about the fake "paper classes." The football team academic counseling staff had long relied on these classes to support struggling athletes who would not have been eligible to play without their lax attendance and grading policies.::::::::Following Crowder's retirement, the report states, the staff held a meeting with the team's coaches where they "explained (1) that the AFAM paper classes had played a large role in keeping under-prepared and/or unmotivated football players eligible to play and (2) that these classes no longer existed." The staff then petitioned Nyang'oro to reinstate the classes.::::::::The NCAA is again looking into the scandal. Scholarships could be reduced, or wins could be vacated. Athletic director Bubba Cunningham said he wouldn't speculate.::::::::The university chancellor said four employees were going to be fired, and five others disciplined. Folt wouldn't identify them.::::::::It appears that at least one academic official has lost her position over the scandal. One email included in the report highlights how UNC philosophy professor Jan Boxill — a women's basketball academic counselor — worked with an AFAM administrator to inflate the grades of a student athlete.::::::::Boxill was also director of UNC's Parr Center for Ethics, a position she no longer appears to hold.	
http://www.voanews.com/content/ebola-who-emergency-committee-vaccine/2493410.html	WHO: Anti-Ebola Efforts Should Focus on West Africa	Voice of America	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:18:56 -0700	Voa News	who;anti-ebola efforts;focus;africa	The World Health Organization said the fight against Ebola should remain focused on the three West African countries where the outbreak has killed nearly 4,900 people. After a meeting in Geneva, the WHO Emergency Committee on Ebola said stopping ...	The World Health Organization said the fight against Ebola should remain focused on the three West African countries where the outbreak has killed nearly 4,900 people.::::::::After a meeting in Geneva, the WHO Emergency Committee on Ebola said stopping transmission in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone is the most important step for preventing the global spread of the disease.::::::::A committee statement said special attention should be paid to the needs of health care workers, in order to encourage other health care workers to aid in containing the outbreak.::::::::It also said exit screening for the affected countries remains critical and recommended screenings continue at airports, seaports and major land crossings.::::::::In Brussels, the European Union announced it is contributing $31 million for medical research in the fight against Ebola.::::::::Also Thursday, Keiji Fukuda, the WHO assistant director general, said the organization is "reasonably confident" that countries bordering those hardest hit by the Ebola outbreak are not seeing the virus crossing their borders.::::::::Fukuda said it was unlikely that countries such as Guinea Bissau and Ivory Coast might have cases of the disease crossing their borders without knowing about or reporting them.::::::::“We are reasonably confident right now we are not seeing widespread transmission into neighboring countries,” Fukuda said. “It remains a concern ... (but) right now I think we are not seeing it.”::::::::Fukuda also said it remained very difficult to get sufficient numbers of health workers - both national and international - to help tackle the epidemic, which has killed at least 4,877 people so far this year.::::::::WHO officials plan to brief reporters Thursday after a meeting to review the latest developments in the Ebola outbreak.::::::::The WHO's Emergency Committee on Ebola began its meeting Wednesday, and is considering whether to alter its recommendations for responding to the outbreak.::::::::There have been at least 9,900 confirmed, probable and suspected cases of Ebola, with the vast majority reported in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.::::::::Also likely to be discussed at a Thursday's meeting in Geneva, drug makers are looking for some kind of indemnity from governments or multilateral agencies against possible losses or claims arising from the widespread emergency use of new Ebola vaccines in Africa.::::::::The issue will likely not delay the industry's work to accelerate production and clinical testing of three experimental vaccines.::::::::The WHO Director-General Margaret Chan will chair the meeting, which includes industry executives, representatives from countries including those affected by Ebola, drug regulators and funders.::::::::GlaxoSmithKline Chief Executive Andrew Witty said a system of indemnity made sense given the unique situation in which companies are being urged by the WHO to fast-track the supply of novel vaccines in a matter of months rather than years.::::::::Witty said indemnity was not a concern for the early phase of testing, when thousands of doses are expected to be given to frontline healthcare workers as part of a clinical trial program in January, but it would be needed when vaccines were rushed into much more widespread use.::::::::Brian Greenwood, a professor of clinical tropical medicine at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, agrees that drug companies should not have to shoulder all the risk.::::::::There is currently no proven vaccine against Ebola and drug companies have been wary in the past of investing in the area, since the commercial opportunity is small. Potential losses or claims arising from the use of new vaccines would represent an additional hurdle.::::::::U.S. federal health officials are ordering travelers from those countries to monitor their health for 21 days and give local health departments daily reports on their temperature and whether they have any Ebola symptoms.::::::::The monitoring program will start Monday in six Eastern states - Georgia, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania and Virginia - where the majority of those travelers would visit.::::::::They will be given an Ebola kit when they arrive at airports, including a thermometer.::::::::Some material for this report came from Reuters.	
http://www.baltimoresun.com/entertainment/chi-jersey-shore-situation-20141023-story.html	'Jersey Shore' star pleads not guilty to tax fraud, trial set	Baltimore Sun	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 11:46:18 -0700		'jersey shore;tax fraud	Reality television personality Michael "The Situation" Sorrentino arrives at the 2011 American Music Awards in Los Angeles. Reality television personality Michael "The Situation" Sorrentino arrives at the 2011 American Music Awards in Los Angeles. (Danny ...	Michael "The Situation" Sorrentino, a former cast member of the MTV reality show "Jersey Shore," pleaded not guilty on Thursday to federal tax fraud charges.::::::::Sorrentino entered his formal plea to four criminal counts before U.S. District Judge Susan Wigenton in Newark, New Jersey. His brother, Marc, also pleaded not guilty to four counts.::::::::The judge set their trial for Dec. 2. Both defendants are free on bond.::::::::Federal prosecutors last month accused the brothers of trying to avoid paying taxes on $8.9 million of Michael Sorrentino's income from 2010 to 2012.::::::::They said the brothers did this by filing false tax returns that understated their income, and improperly claiming millions of dollars of expenses on clothes, expensive vehicles and other personal items as business expenses.::::::::Michael Sorrentino faces two counts of filing false tax returns, and one count each of conspiracy and failing to file a tax return. Marc Sorrentino faces three counts of filing false tax returns and one count of conspiracy.::::::::"Jersey Shore" featured 20-something Italian-Americans partying, tanning and complaining about their jobs at a beachfront T-shirt stand.::::::::Michael Sorrentino popularized the phrase "gym, tan, laundry" to describe the pre-party routine of cast members. His Twitter account has about 1.45 million followers. "Jersey Shore" ended production in 2012.::::::::Richard Sapinski, a lawyer for Michael Sorrentino, said he will be reviewing materials provided by the government through discovery, "and starting to prepare for trial."::::::::The case is U.S. v. Sorrentino et al, U.S. District Court, District of New Jersey, No. 14-cr-00558.	
http://gulfnews.com/opinions/columnists/us-needs-to-capitalise-on-prisoner-release-by-pyongyang-1.1403196	US needs to capitalise on prisoner release by Pyongyang	gulfnews.com	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 09:00:49 -0700		prisoner release;pyongyang	In what passes for a charm offensive, North Korea just released one of three Americans it has been holding prisoners. Last Tuesday's surprise follows North Korea's high-level outreach to South Korea during the Asian Games, its decision to engage, not ...	US needs to capitalise on prisoner release by Pyongyang::::::::In what passes for a charm offensive, North Korea just released one of three Americans it has been holding prisoners. Last Tuesday’s surprise follows North Korea’s high-level outreach to South Korea during the Asian Games, its decision to engage, not dismiss, a damning United Nations report on its human rights abuses, and a perverse warning-cum-invitation to the US that thousands of American servicemen’s remains from the Korean War risk being lost to “land rezoning and other gigantic nature-remaking projects”.::::::::It is no coincidence that North Korea freed Jeffrey Fowle on the 20th anniversary of the US-DPRK (Democratic People’s Republic of Korea) Agreed Framework, an agreement that froze North Korea’s nuclear programme in return for fuel oil and two proliferation-resistant light-water reactors. North Koreans take their anniversaries seriously. Yet, before the US responds, it should reflect on the failure of two decades of diplomacy toward North Korea.::::::::Well, not total failure. As Ambassador Robert Gallucci, who negotiated the framework, noted last Tuesday at the Carnegie Endowment, the agreement shut down nuclear reactors that could have produced 200kg of plutonium each year, enough for many more nuclear devices than the half-dozen or so that North Korea probably has. But after three subsequent North Korean nuclear explosions, the discovery of a clandestine uranium enrichment programme, numerous ballistic missile tests and nasty provocations and clashes with South Korea, only a Dr Pangloss — in this case, Sydney Seiler, the Obama administration’s representative to the suspended Six-Party talks with North Korea — could characterise the history of US policy as “not a failure — just an absence of success”.::::::::US policymakers of all stripes swear they have tried everything and nothing has worked. The problem with the North Koreans, said Victor Cha, a Bush administration veteran also featured at the Carnegie event, is “that they don’t want to dance”.::::::::Maybe. Or maybe they just want a partner who does not abruptly change the music. Within the space of two years, for instance, the US went from offering North Korea a possible presidential visit under Bill Clinton to labelling it a member of the “Axis of Evil” under George W. Bush. Now, one of the most important things the US can do is to achieve a bipartisan consensus on how to deal with North Korea. Start with a reality check:::::::::North Korea is not about to collapse. Nor is that an outcome that any sane US strategist should want — think all the loose nukes, cashiered soldiers from a million-man army, hungry refugees, no history of democratic governance and social, economic and even linguistic disparities that would make German reunification look like a Sunday picnic. The North has made it clear that it is not going to give up its nuclear weapons. Setting denuclearisation as the precondition for a resumption of talks is a recipe for stalemate.::::::::While China can do more to make North Korea behave, it will never do enough. The two nations are no longer “as close as lips and teeth”, as the old Chicom adage had it, and Chinese President Xi Jinping reportedly badmouths North Korea’s supreme leader, Kim Jong-un, to foreign visitors. Yet, even though China still accounts for the majority of North Korea’s trade, investment and assistance, Beijing will not use its leverage to the point where the pressure triggers instability on its borders.::::::::For new talks to succeed, the US must also expend more energy getting South Korea and Japan, barely on speaking terms, to get along. The US can keep the pressure on North Korea (and on China) by working with its two closest regional allies to strengthen their deterrent and missile defence capabilities. And there is plenty of room for tightening United Nations sanctions and laying the groundwork for new ones to be imposed if Pyongyang proceeds with more tests.::::::::But first and foremost, let Washington use the diplomatic opening of Fowle’s release to end the US policy of “strategic patience” — the Obama administration’s code-word for doing nothing while North Korea becomes more dangerous. North Korea is playing a long game and for keeps. Do not expect to win if you are not willing to do the same.	
http://www.10tv.com/content/stories/2014/10/23/los-angeles-ice-cream-man-attacked-after-his-truck-hits-kills-7-year-old.html	CA Ice Cream Man Attacked After his Truck Hits, Kills 7-year-old	10TV	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 11:31:20 -0700		ca ice cream;attacked;hits;kills	CBS NEWS - Authorities say a 7-year-old boy riding a motorized bike was hit and killed by an ice cream truck in South Los Angeles and residents then attacked the driver. Officer Nuria Venegas, a Los Angeles police spokeswoman, says the truck hit the child ...	CBS NEWS - Authorities say a 7-year-old boy riding a motorized bike was hit and killed by an ice cream truck in South Los Angeles and residents then attacked the driver.::::::::Officer Nuria Venegas, a Los Angeles police spokeswoman, says the truck hit the child shortly after 7 p.m. Wednesday, and he later died at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center.::::::::Police say the child had been riding alongside the truck, and the collision was an accident.::::::::"I walked outside. He was lying on the ground bleeding, so I just tried to comfort the family 'cause they was screaming," witness Linda Black told CBS Los Angeles. "It's really sad because I have a kid that is younger than he is."::::::::"He's well-loved around here," neighbor Jackie Johnson said.::::::::Venegas says a crowd then attacked the ice cream truck driver, but he only received bruises.::::::::The driver told police bricks were thrown at his truck and someone threatened him with a knife.::::::::The identities of the boy and driver haven't been released. It's unclear who attacked the driver.::::::::Police say the driver will not be charged.	
http://www.sciencetimes.com/articles/997/20141023/partial-eclipse-captures-daylight-seen-across-the-northern-sky-ca-nv-ny-or-fl.htm	Partial Eclipse Captures Daylight—Seen Across the Northern Sky (CA, NV, NY, OR, FL)	Science Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 11:57:40 -0700	Ryan Wallace	partial eclipse captures daylight—seen across;sky;ca;nv;ny;or;fl	Today marks a rare occasion, one where alignment makes a spectacle in the sky. While you can expect the autumn day to have cool weather and an added air of sunshine, you can also expect quite a surprise when part of the sun disappears in the ...	Today marks a rare occasion, one where alignment makes a spectacle in the sky. While you can expect the autumn day to have cool weather and an added air of sunshine, you can also expect quite a surprise when part of the sun disappears in the mid-afternoon shade. It's a rare occurrence that you won't catch for another 3 years at the soonest, but the partial solar eclipse won't be enjoyed by everyone. Mostly it'll be a show for the northern United States.::::::::::::::::Like Us on Facebook::::::::As the autumn's off-center new moon passes in front of the sun in the early afternoon, onlookers will find that the sky is illuminated in a red crescent of light, with anywhere from 40-65% of the solar system's central star covered by the Earth's only satellite. Unlike a total eclipse of the sun, wherein the viewing event is concentrated into only a few fleeting moments, the partial solar eclipse will linger in the sky for several hours in the late afternoon leading up until sunset. And most of the United States will be in for the viewing party of the year.::::::::::::::::While observers nationwide will have varying views of the eclipse, those in the northwestern states will see the event in its greatest clarity, reaching its peak phase at 2:59pm PST and perhaps even better at sunset. With only 48% of the sun's face visible at the maximum peak of the eclipse, NASA eclipse expert, Fred Espenak says, "[you] will see a fiery crescent sinking below the horizon, dimmed to human visibility by low-clouds and mist."::::::::::::::::But as solar eclipses are finicky, dangerous events to watch, most viewers will find that while they could simply look up for a glimpse, live-streams of the events online may be a safer, clearer alternative throughout the day. "People who live east of the line running from roughly Quebec City to Montauk Point, NY, will miss out on the solar show, since the sun will set before the dark disc of the moon begins to encroach upon it" meteorologist for Space.com, Joe Rao says. And they won't be the only ones with an obstructed view.::::::::::::::::As partial eclipses undermine your natural reaction to avoid peering directly into the face of the sun, researchers warn that viewers must take caution when glancing up at the event. Staring into the eclipse, which will still allow nearly half of the sun's intense UV and light waves to pass through, can cause pain, permanent eye damage and even temporary or permanent blindness depending on the exposure of the light. And so researchers have posted pinhole solutions for those interested in viewing the shadows the sun casts throughout the eclipse (Instructions HERE). But for those stuck in the office, or with eyes prone to sensitivity to light, they suggest that live streaming may be a safer, and simpler way to watch the eclipse from the comfort of your own home.::::::::::::::::And while we're more prone to the adventurous side of these cosmic events, we too will be streaming the event, watching as day and night merge, and keeping our eyes safe from the harmful rays of the sun. How will you be watching?	
http://www.foxsports.com/wisconsin/story/brewers-lucroy-parra-named-gold-glove-finalists-102314	Milwaukee Brewers' Jonathan Lucroy, Gerardo Parra named Gold Glove finalists	FOXSports.com	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 11:40:17 -0700	Andrew Gruman;Fox Sports	milwaukee brewers;jonathan lucroy;gerardo parra;glove	Jonathan Lucroy would become the first catcher in Brewers history to win a Rawlings Gold Glove award. FOX Sports Wisconsin Andrew Gruman. Share This Story. Tweet. Updated OCT 23, 2014 2:38p ET. The Milwaukee Brewers have a pair of finalists for the ...	Check out bios, photos, videos and much more of the FOX Sports Wisconsin Girls!	
http://www.businessweek.com/news/2014-10-23/terrorist-calls-for-lone-wolf-acts-precede-ottawa-attacks	Terrorist Calls for Lone-Wolf Acts Precede Ottawa Attacks	Businessweek	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 12:45:31 -0700	Nicole Gaouette	terrorist;lone-wolf acts precede ottawa	Ottawa Police officers take flowers to an area in front of the National War Memorial near Parliament Hill, where Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, 24, was killed by a gunman in Ottawa, on Oct. 23, 2014. Photographer: Justin Tang/The Canadian Press via AP Images.	Ottawa Police officers take flowers to an area in front of the National War Memorial near Parliament Hill, where Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, 24, was killed by a gunman in Ottawa, on Oct. 23, 2014. Photographer: Justin Tang/The Canadian Press via AP Images::::::::Six needle-nosed CF-18 fighter jets took off from the Canadian Forces base in Cold Lake, Alberta, Oct. 21 to join the coalition fighting Islamic State. The next day, a convert to Islam attacked symbols of the Canadian state, killing a soldier and riddling the parliament with bullets.::::::::As the U.S., Canada and their allies armed with supersonic fighters, laser-guided bombs and unmanned aircraft strike the extremist group in Iraq and Syria, the terrorists are urging individual Muslims worldwide to kill non-believers with guns and knives.::::::::While no clear links between the attacker in Ottawa and Islamic State have been established, the carnage follows the group’s September call for retaliation against Western targets, an exercise of what’s known as asymmetric warfare against opponents with greater military, political and economic power.::::::::More attacks by “lone wolves” or small groups on Western soil are likely, said Jeffrey Simon, a specialist in political risk assessment and a visiting lecturer at the University of California, Los Angeles.::::::::“There have always been lone-wolf attacks throughout history, but the numbers are increasing, and it’s getting more difficult to track these individuals in terms of when, where, or who these lone wolves may be,” Simon said. “The game changer is the Internet. What the Internet does is allow groups like Islamic State to put out a call around the globe.”::::::::France, the U.K., Australia and the Netherlands are among the nations that have joined the U.S. and its Mideast allies in airstrikes against Islamic State, according to the U.S. Central Command.::::::::“The primary hypothesis at this point should be that” the Ottawa attacker “was influenced by the Islamic State and its call to action,” said Daveed Gartenstein-Ross, director of a terrorism center at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, a Washington policy group. “This is an asymmetric style of attack, the timing is quite meaningful, the targets are highly symbolic -- Canadian power and the Canadian military.”::::::::Unlike al-Qaeda and earlier Palestinian groups, which concentrated on carefully planned operations such as the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington, Islamic State is trying to exploit economic, social and political discontent to recruit younger Muslims in the West, said two U.S. intelligence officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss classified intelligence.::::::::Initial reports depict the shooter, Michael Zahef-Bibeau, as a troubled 32-year-old convert to Islam with a criminal record for drug-related offenses, robbery, assault and possession of a weapon.::::::::According to the Globe and Mail newspaper, Zahef-Bibeau’s father may have fought in Libya in 2011, and his son’s attempt to travel to the Middle East six weeks ago was stymied when federal officials refused to issue him travel documents.::::::::Marc Tyrrell, a senior research fellow at Carlton University’s Canadian Centre of Intelligence and Security Studies in Ottawa, said Zahef-Bibeau seemed to fit one profile for radicalization, as a petty criminal.::::::::“The message coming out of ISIS and other groups provides justification for taking larger actions they want to take anyway. It makes them feel they’re part of the group,” Tyrrell said, using an acronym for Islamic State’s former name.::::::::At the same time, the U.S. officials said, the Sunni extremist group is capitalizing on the power of social media to encourage small and even spontaneous attacks by individuals and then spread fear that one of the officials called disproportionate to the danger.::::::::The shooting and the running down of the soldiers in Canada, as well as a stabbing attack in Australia, this official said, show how today’s media magnify the importance of such single acts far beyond the real threat they pose.::::::::They cited the latest edition of Islamic State’s glossy magazine “Dabiq,” named for a city in northern Syria where some Muslims believe a final battle between Muslims and Christians will take place. One article says: “Every Muslim should get out of his house, find a crusader and kill him,” arguing that smaller attacks are more likely to remain secret beforehand and then succeed.::::::::Canadian politicians have warned for some time that the country’s immunity to organized attacks wouldn’t last forever. Prime Minister Stephen Harper, a member of the Conservative Party that has contributed troops to interventions in Afghanistan, Libya and Iraq, said in 2011 that violence could arrive “out of the blue,” both from Islamic extremists and lone murderers such as Anders Behring Breivik, who massacred 77 people on a shooting spree last year in Norway.::::::::Today, Harper told the House of Commons that “even as the brave men and women of our Armed Forces are taking this fight to the terrorists on their own territory, we are equally resolved to fight it here.”::::::::This month, Michel Coulombe, who heads Canada’s main spy agency, said authorities were aware of more than 100 Canadians who had traveled abroad to support terrorist groups, and an additional 80 who’d done so and returned home. Coulombe told lawmakers the agency was aware of their locations, and had no information about imminent attacks within Canada.::::::::Lone wolves can fly under the radar. “In this case, this individual was on a watch list in Canada, but he was still able to perpetrate the attack because he wasn’t being watched 24-7,” Simon said.::::::::Islamic State’s shift in tactics, both encouraging lone-wolf attacks in and outside the Middle East and adapting to allied airstrikes on its self-proclaimed caliphate, require the U.S. and its allies to adapt in turn, said a U.S. military official active in planning American strategy.::::::::The lone-wolf attacks require better and faster coordination among intelligence, military and law enforcement officials -- not always a strong suit of the U.S. national and local governments -- said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.::::::::To contact the reporter on this story: Nicole Gaouette in Washington at ngaouette@bloomberg.net::::::::To contact the editors responsible for this story: John Walcott at jwalcott9@bloomberg.net Larry Liebert	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-health-ebola-newyork-idUSKCN0IC2CU20141023	New York City says hospital testing healthcare worker for Ebola	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 12:55:11 -0700		york;healthcare worker;ebola	NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New York City hospital is running Ebola tests on a healthcare worker who returned to the United States from West Africa with a fever and gastrointestinal symptoms, the city's Health Department said on Thursday. Preliminary test ...	A volunteer of the German army Bundeswehr, wearing a protective suit, is disinfected by a colleague during an Ebola training session at the Marseille barracks in Appen, October 23, 2014.::::::::Preliminary test results were expected in the next 12 hours, the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene said in a statement.::::::::Doctors Without Borders said in a statement that the patient being tested had recently worked in an Ebola-affected country in West Africa with the humanitarian organization.::::::::"A person in New York City, who recently worked with Doctors Without Borders in one of the Ebola-affected countries in West Africa, notified our office this morning to report having developed a fever," Doctors Without Borders said in a statement.::::::::The individual had been undergoing regular monitoring and reported the fever immediately, it said. The organization said it immediately notified the New York City health department.::::::::The patient, who returned to the United States within the past 21 days, is being treated at Bellevue Hospital, the city's health department said.::::::::The department said it was tracing all of the patient's contacts to identify anyone who may be at potential risk. It also said the patient had been transported by a specially trained unit wearing protective gear.::::::::Fears about the spread of Ebola, which has killed nearly 4,900 people largely in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, have mounted in the United States since the first person diagnosed with the disease in the United States, a Liberian man who had flown to Texas, was hospitalized in Dallas last month. He died on Oct. 8 and two nurses who treated him became infected with the virus.::::::::The United States this week began requiring travelers coming from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea to enter through one of five airports that are conducting increased screening for the virus. It also is directing those travelers to check in with health officials every day and report their temperatures and any Ebola symptoms for 21 days, the period of incubation for the virus.::::::::The U.N. World Health Organization said on Thursday such arrival screening may have "a limited effect" in stopping the virus spreading but whether it adds anything to exit screening from affected countries is a decision for governments. [ID:nL6N0SI5HZ]::::::::Connecticut placed six West Africans who recently arrived in the United States under quarantine for possible Ebola exposure.::::::::The family, who arrived on Saturday and was planning to live in the United States, will be watched for 21 days, Connecticut state health authorities said. Officials have yet to say where the family came from.	
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/23/us-islamic-state-oil-sales/	ISIS Inc.: US official reveals how terror network makes its millions	Fox News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 11:45:02 -0700		isis;official reveals;terror network	Islamic State militants are amassing a fortune through their web of criminal activity, including earning roughly $1 million a day from oil smuggling alone, according to a Treasury Department official who on Thursday provided unprecedented details about the ...	Islamic State militants are amassing a fortune through their web of criminal activity, including earning roughly $1 million a day from oil smuggling alone, according to a Treasury Department official who on Thursday provided unprecedented details about the illicit financial network.::::::::David Cohen, who leads the department's effort to undermine the Islamic State's finances, described the organization as one of the best-financed terror groups in the world.::::::::"It has amassed wealth at an unprecedented pace,” Cohen said.::::::::Cohen said the Islamic State, which the U.S. and its allies have been pounding with airstrikes in Iraq and Syria, is earning millions from a combination of oil sales, ransoms and extortion schemes.::::::::Cohen said kidnappings and ransom payments have brought in at least $20 million this year. He said the extortion and other criminal activity is bringing in several million per month.::::::::Cohen, undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence, spoke at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington, and later at the White House.::::::::Cohen stressed the black market oil sales, which he said bring in about $1 million a day. He said the U.S. is trying to track down the middle men and other players to interrupt those sales. Cohen said these smuggling networks have been around for a long time and did not “pop up overnight,” but now it is clear that the oil is coming from the Islamic State.::::::::The Treasury Department said the group is selling oil at substantially discounted prices to a variety of middlemen, including some from Turkey, who then transport it to be resold. "It also appears that some of the oil emanating from territory where ISIL operates has been sold to Kurds in Iraq, and then resold into Turkey," he said.::::::::Cohen said the Syrian government, too, has allegedly arranged to buy oil from the Islamic State – though the terror group ostensibly is fighting Syrian President Bashar Assad.::::::::Unlike the core Al Qaeda terrorist network, ISIS gets only a small share of funding from deep-pocketed donors and therefore does not depend primarily on moving money across international borders. Instead, the Islamic State group obtains the vast majority of its revenues through local criminal and terrorist activities, Cohen said, acknowledging that Treasury's tools are not particularly well-suited to combating extortion and local crime.::::::::"They rob banks. They lay waste to thousands of years of civilization in Iraq and Syria by looting and selling antiquities," he said. "They steal livestock and crops from farmers. And despicably, they sell abducted girls and women as sex slaves."::::::::In the Iraqi city of Mosul, Islamic State terrorists reportedly are going door-to-door, business-to-business, demanding cash at gunpoint, he said.::::::::"A grocery store owner who refused to pay was warned with a bomb outside his shop. Others, who have not paid, have seen their relatives kidnapped.  ...  We've also seen reports that when customers make cash withdrawals from local banks where ISIL operates, ISIL has demanded as much as 10 percent of the value," Cohen said, using an acronym for the group.::::::::Most of the group's money, however, comes from extracting oil and selling it to smugglers, who, in turn, transport the oil outside territory under Islamic State control.::::::::Cohen noted that U.S.-led airstrikes on the group's oil refineries are threatening the militants' supply networks and that Turkey and the Kurdistan Regional Government -- the official ruling body of the predominantly Kurdish region of northern Iraq --are working to prevent the oil from crossing their borders.::::::::Cohen acknowledged, however, that the group moves oil in illicit networks outside the formal economy, making it harder to track.::::::::"But at some point, that oil is acquired by someone who operates in the legitimate economy and who makes use of the financial system. He has a bank account. His business may be financed, his trucks may be insured, his facilities may be licensed," he said.::::::::"We not only can cut them off from the U.S. financial system and freeze their assets, but we can also make it very difficult for them to find a bank anywhere that will touch their money or process their transactions."::::::::The Associated Press contributed to this report.	
http://www.chron.com/news/politics/article/Man-apprehended-after-jumping-White-House-fence-5841142.php	White House fence jumper held without bond	Chron.com	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 12:17:46 -0700	Pete Yost;Associated Press	white house fence jumper	Secret Service respond on the North Lawn of the White House after a man jumped the White House fence, Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014, in Washington. The Secret Service apprehended the man who jumped over the White House fence. This latest incident ...	A member of the US Secret Service is seen outside the White House October 23, 2014 in Washington, DC. A suspect who climbed over the White House fence on October 22 was nabbed by Secret Service agents and dogs, a spokesman for the elite agency said. "At approximately 7:16 pm (1116 GMT), an individual climbed the north fence line of the White House," the spokesman said. "The individual was immediately taken into custody on the north lawn of the White House by Secret Service Uniformed Division K-9 teams and Uniformed Division Officers." The fence climber was identified as 23-year-old Dominic Adesanya from Marlyand, near the US capital, the spokesman said. AFP PHOTO/Brendan SMIALOWSKIBRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images::::::::A US Secret Service officer (L) sets up a binocular watch post atop the White House in Washington, DC, October 23, 2014. A suspect who climbed over the White House fence on October 22 was nabbed by Secret Service agents and dogs, a spokesman for the elite agency said. "At approximately 7:16 pm (1116 GMT), an individual climbed the north fence line of the White House," the spokesman said. "The individual was immediately taken into custody on the north lawn of the White House by Secret Service Uniformed Division K-9 teams and Uniformed Division Officers." The fence climber was identified as 23-year-old Dominic Adesanya from Maryland, near the US capital, the spokesman said. AFP PHOTO / Jim WATSONJIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images::::::::A group of Secret Service police gather on the North Lawn as a member of the Secret Service Counter Assault team surveys from the White House rooftop Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014, in Washington, after a man jumped the White House fence earlier in the evening. The Secret Service apprehended the man who jumped over the White House fence. This latest incident comes about a month after a previous White House fence jumper sprinted across the lawn, past armed uniformed agents and entered the mansion. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)::::::::A Secret Service police officer K9 dog patrol the sidewalk in front of the White House in Washington, Thursday, Oct. 23, 2014. The 23-year old Maryland man who climbed the White House fence on Wednesday has been charged with felonies for assaulting two police dogs and making threats, the Secret Service said Thursday. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)::::::::Secret Service respond on the North Lawn of the White House after a man jumped the White House fence, Wednesday, Oct. 22, 2014, in Washington. The Secret Service apprehended the man who jumped over the White House fence. This latest incident comes about a month after a previous White House fence jumper sprinted across the lawn, past armed uniformed agents and entered the mansion.::::::::WASHINGTON (AP) — The 23-year-old Maryland man who climbed over the White House fence was ordered held without bond in an appearance Thursday before a federal magistrate judge.::::::::Dominic Adesanya (ah-deh-SAHN'-yah) resisted being taken away and started talking as two court officers removed him from the courtroom.::::::::The defendant has been charged with felonies for assaulting two police dogs and making threats. A preliminary hearing and detention hearing have been scheduled for Monday.::::::::Earlier Wednesday, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said options are being considered to enhance security at the White House, including more personnel, technology and physical impediments to get in. He praised the agents' response, saying, "Yesterday's incident underscores the professionalism of the Secret Service."	
http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2014-10-23/scott-brown-like-mitt-romney-has-trouble-with-forms	Scott Brown, Like Mitt Romney, Has Trouble with Forms	Bloomberg	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 12:09:33 -0700	David Knowles	scott brown;mitt romney;trouble;forms	As the saying goes, all politics is local. Apparently, however, someone forgot to remind Scott Brown just where local was. Running for Senate in New Hampshire, the former Senator from Massachusetts listed the "Commonwealth of MA" as his employer on his ...	As the saying goes, all politics is local. Apparently, however, someone forgot to remind Scott Brown just where local was. Running for Senate in New Hampshire, the former Senator from Massachusetts listed the "Commonwealth of MA" as his employer on his latest campaign finance report, saying he was a "state senator" there.::::::::"This was a clerical error and the report is being amended and refiled accordingly," Brown spokeswoman Elizabeth Guyton told WMUR.::::::::The "clerical error" would not be so egregious were it not for the fact that Brown has been under repeated fire from his opponent in the Senate contest, Democratic incumbent Jeanne Shaheen, who has tried to paint him as a carpetbagger.::::::::“Tonight, New Hampshire voters will be rightfully questioning why Scott Brown is even at the debate," read a press release from Shaheen's campaign sent out before Tuesday's debate. "Brown’s flirting with running for office in Massachusetts — for both Governor and Senator — and later testing the Presidential waters in Iowa showed voters that he’s solely interested in getting back into office. That’s why polls consistently show New Hampshire voters don’t trust him.”::::::::It's not the first time Brown has had difficulty filling out a form during the campaign. Back in April, the candidate received a letter from the Federal Election Commission informing him that he had forgotten to select a party affiliation when filing to run for office in New Hampshire.::::::::Brown's clerical difficulties oddly mirror another former Massachusetts politician, Mitt Romney, who signed a form listing an outdated address when registering to vote in his new home state, Utah, and forgot to identify as a Republican.::::::::"This must be a purely clerical error," Josh Romney, Mitt Romney’s son, told the Salt Lake Tribune when he heard about the mixup.	
http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2014/10/23/north-carolina-senate-race-challenges-status-quo-of-public-education	North Carolina Senate Race Challenges Status Quo of Public Education	U.S. News \u0026 World Report	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 12:14:08 -0700	Allie Bidwell	carolina;senate race;challenges status quo;public education	On the surface, much of the North Carolina Senate race appears centered on a debate over education funding and teacher salaries. "The money that should be going to public education, instead seems to be going to corporations, millionaires," says one ...	Sen. Kay Hagan and Rep. Thom Tillis are sparring over education in the Senate race, but it's more about values and status quo.::::::::On the surface, much of the North Carolina Senate race appears centered on a debate over education funding and teacher salaries.::::::::"The money that should be going to public education, instead seems to be going to corporations, millionaires," says one teacher in an ad for Sen. Kay Hagan, the Democratic incumbent. "The education cuts have impacted my ability to make a difference by raising my class sizes, getting rid of my teacher assistants that I need for help. I have no textbook to teach from."::::::::"When I'm asked who's responsible for these education cuts, it's Thom Tillis and his legislature," the teacher says of Tillis, Hagan's Republican challenger and current North Carolina House speaker.::::::::Education issues typically aren't a central issue in races for federal office. They're often trumped by macroeconomic debates, foreign affairs and politicians' track records in what they can do for their home states. But North Carolina has a different story.::::::::Legislators and governors for decades have made education a staple of North Carolina's identity and a key factor in improving its economic standing.::::::::Nearly every state has cut funding for public education since the onset of the Great Recession, but the financial crisis and subsequent budget cuts hit home harder in North Carolina – a state where education is seen as the great equalizer and where consistent support for schools has come to be expected.::::::::"It's really an endearing characteristic of North Carolina to me that public education is for many of our residents a civic religion of sorts," says Ferrel Guillory, a journalism professor at the University of North Carolina – Chapel Hill and an expert in Southern politics. "This state would often debate the ways and means to promote education – they might have debates over the level of spending or taxes – but there was this kind of built-in civic religion that improving education held the key to modernizing this state."::::::::Part of that status quo comes from a long history of governors – both Republicans and Democrats – prioritizing education through building up schools (Charles Aycock, a Republican governor in the early 1900s), raising pay for teachers (Terry Sanford, a Democratic governor in the 1960s) and expanding kindergarten programs statewide (James Holshouser, a Republican governor in the 1970s).::::::::And a $3.1 billion voter-approved bond issue in 2000 helped establish the state's higher education system as a research hub centered around the University of North Carolina's Chapel Hill campus, and catapult cities like Raleigh and Charlotte to statuses as research and business flagships that are attractive to well-educated individuals.::::::::[SEE ALSO: The Senate 7: Republicans Claw Closer To Senate Majority]::::::::But when Republicans took control of the state legislature in 2010, and when current Gov. Pat McCrory, a Republican, took office in 2012, the state began to scale back its support of schools and teachers.::::::::"Settled education policy in this state has become unsettled over the last four years," Guillory says. "That's at the heart of both the political and policy debates in this state right now."::::::::States have been slowly increasing their funding for public education, but for most it's still not enough to make up for past cuts. For the current year, nearly every state increased education funding, according to a recent report from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. But not North Carolina.::::::::Overall spending per-student in North Carolina is 14.5 percent lower – or $855 dollars fewer per student – than in 2008. That's the seventh-largest decrease in the country. And in just one year, while most states added at least modest amounts of funding back to education budgets, North Carolina cut per-student funding by 4.7 percent, or $250 per student.::::::::"That's the steepest decline in the country," says Nick Johnson, the center's senior vice president for state fiscal policy.::::::::Johnson attributed the drastic decline to tax cuts the Republican-controlled General Assembly and McCrory put in place.::::::::"The North Carolina decision in particular shows that when you make a policy decision to shrink state government to pay for tax cuts, school funding cuts are among the results," Johnson says.::::::::But the fight – and particularly the ads coming from Hagan's campaign – isn't just about education issues coming undone. It's also about making Tillis appear to be out of sync with the ideologies of his own state.::::::::"Hagan has elevated education issues as a way to draw a distinction between her values and his values, between her package of policy thinking and his package of policy thinking," Guillory says. "It is a potent issue in North Carolina for a lot of voters who have bought into this consensus."::::::::That put Tillis on the defensive, and has prompted both him and his party to tout a 7 percent salary increase for teachers. While 7 percent is the overall, average increase for teachers, it's actually a graduated scale and weighted more toward new teachers. Teachers in their fifth or sixth years on the job will see the biggest pay increases, at 18.5 percent, while those in their 29th or 30th years will receive a 0.3 percent increase, the Citizen-Times reported. Tillis has also attempted to closely link Hagan with President Barack Obama.::::::::"A 7 percent pay raise – that's what we passed this year for North Carolina teachers," Tillis says in an ad. "That's simple math, but math is lost on Sen. Hagan. She's misleading you about me to hide her own partisan record. Kay Hagan votes with President Obama 96 percent of the time."::::::::Those attacks haven't entirely knocked either candidate out of the race, though. The latest poll, from Civitas, has Hagan and Tillis in a tie, at 44 percent each.	
http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/teen-roskana-sikorski-backed-parents-she-allegedly-plotted-kill-n232491	Teen Roskana Sikorski Backed by Parents She Allegedly Plotted to Kill	NBCNews.com	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 12:41:05 -0700		teen roskana sikorski backed;allegedly plotted;kill	A Michigan couple is standing by their adopted 15-year-old daughter after she allegedly conspired with her older boyfriend to kill them and stabbed her kid brother. Prosecutors have charged Roksana Sikorski as an adult for the Oct. 17 attack, but her parents ...	A Michigan couple is standing by their adopted 15-year-old daughter after she allegedly conspired with her older boyfriend to kill them and stabbed her kid brother.::::::::Prosecutors have charged Roksana Sikorski as an adult for the Oct. 17 attack, but her parents say she suffers from mental illness and was under the sway of 23-year-old Michael Rivera.::::::::"I think she just thought this guy loved her and she wanted to do whatever he told her, and she was very vulnerable and she has a mental disorder and she needs help," Laurene Sikorski told NBC affiliate WDIV.::::::::"I want to make sure she gets help."::::::::The girl is being held on $1 million bond. She can see her parents but was ordered to have no contact with her siblings — including the 12-year-old brother who was stabbed in the throat. The boy survived.::::::::The Sikorskis adopted all three children from Poland, where they lived in an abusive and neglectful home. "They suffered horribly," said the teen's lawyer, Laurie Posner.::::::::Roksana was an ideal child who began to act out when she hit adolescence, according to Posner. She was diagnosed with attention-deficit disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder and put on medication, the attorney said.::::::::Last spring, she met Rivera on Facebook, and her misbehavior spiked as she began sneaking around with him, Posner said. She ran away for a couple of days over the summer and was found at his house.::::::::Her parents filed a statutory rape complaint against Rivera — which prosecutors now plan to dismiss "pending further investigation."::::::::"The reason he wanted her to murder her family is the family was pursuing rape charges," said Posner.::::::::On the night of Oct. 17, according to prosecutors, Rivera allegedly planted himself outside the family's Plymouth Township home at around 2 a.m. and texted his underage girlfriend instructions on what to do.::::::::"He was telling her how to cut the brother's jugular vein," the lawyer said.::::::::The teen stabbed 12-year-old Lucas in the throat, then tried to knife her sister before fleeing the house. She was nabbed at Rivera's Detroit home and told cops that they were planning to marry, Posner said.::::::::Rivera was arraigned Sunday on seven criminal counts, including conspiracy to commit murder. He does not yet have an attorney.::::::::Prosecutors said they decided to charge Roksana as an adult because of the cold-blooded nature of the crime.::::::::“Bluntly, it is rare for this office to charge a 15-year-old as an adult. However, the alleged facts in this case strongly warrant this decision. The alleged actions of this defendant and her co-defendant, to conspire to kill her entire family, are truly haunting,” Wayne County Prosecuting Attorney Kym Worthy said.::::::::Posner called the move "unthinkable" and said her client needs treatment, not a possible life sentence.::::::::She believes the teen suffers from Reactive Attachment Disorder, which some experts say is more prevalent among adopted children. "For some reason, that night she got really carried away," she said.::::::::She hopes to get the teen's case severed from Rivera's. "They're trying to make them look like Bonnie and Clyde," she said of prosecutors.::::::::Posner said she was hired by the Sikorski parents.::::::::"They're not going to throw her under the bus," she said.	
http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/markets/2014/10/23/stocks-thursday/17763383/	Stocks end higher, Ebola scare trims gains	USA TODAY	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 12:56:11 -0700	Edt October;P M	stocks;ebola;scare trims gains	Stocks are getting a major boost Thursday from a slew of strong earnings reports from companies ranging from heavy equipment maker Caterpillar (CAT) to automaker General Motors (GM). As of 2:49 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average is having its ...	What a day. Stocks got a major boost Thursday from a slew of strong earnings reports from companies ranging from heavy equipment maker Caterpillar (CAT) to automaker General Motors (GM).::::::::The Dow Jones industrial average came close to having its best day of 2014, but news about a New York City doctor being rushed to a hospital on Ebola fears trimmed a 300-point gain to 216.58 points for day. The blue-chip benchmark ended up 1.3% to close at 16,677.90.::::::::The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 23.71 points, 1.2%, to close at 1950.82, while the tech-laden Nasdaq composite ended up 69.95 points, 1.6%, to finish at 4452.79.::::::::The 10-year Treasury note yield rose to 2.28% from 2.22% as investors jumped out of bonds and back into stocks in a major way.::::::::The news flash that a health care worker, who has returned recently from one of the three countries in West Africa where the Ebola epidemic is rampant, was being tested Thursday for the virus at a New York city hospital, was cited as a reason why the Dow's gains were trimmed by about 85 points late in the trading session.::::::::"I gather (the news) didn't help," says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management.::::::::Today's rally on Wall Street is part of a larger recovery story for the stock market that began late last week when intense selling pressure suddenly reversed course amid a drop in so-called "headline risk," says Katrina Lamb, head of investment strategy and research at MV Financial.::::::::Lamb points out that the both the S&P 500 and Dow have been able to climb back above their average price levels over the past 200 days after dipping briefly below that closely watched 200-day moving average last week. Stocks are considered in an uptrend when the major stock indexes are trading above that key long-term trend line.::::::::in a wide swath of sectors, including airlines -- where Southwest (LUV) and United Continental(UAL) topped profit forecasts -- and media -- where Comcast(CMCSA) beat expectations -- is setting the U.S. stock market up for a good day.::::::::The batch of strong earnings is easing fears that economic slowdowns in Europe and China will have a meaningful negative impact on U.S. growth.::::::::Earnings beats from two Dow components, Caterpillar and conglomerate 3M (MMM), are helping to erase Wednesday's losses, which were due in part to profit-taking after a few big up days in a row and news reports of a deadly shooting in Ottawa, which sparked initial fears of terrorism.::::::::"Wall Street is taking the earnings news as a signal that the global slowdown that everyone was worried about is unlikely to be as pronounced as feared earlier," says Kate Warne, investment strategist at Edward Jones.::::::::Warne stresses that earnings reports that will flood the market the next two weeks will continue to drive the direction of stock prices, either up if they come in strong or down if the profit news turns downbeat.::::::::She calls the recent market swoon, which knocked the S&P 500 down 9.5% -- very close to the 10% correction level -- as a "little squall" that hits the market from time to time, but is nothing more than a short-term hiccup in the bigger uptrend.::::::::Investors also reacted Thursday to the latest weekly reading on initial jobless claims, which rose 17,000 to 283,000. While that was slightly above the estimate of 281,000 people seeking first-time unemployment benefits, the important four-week moving average – which smooths out short-term noise in the numbers – came in at 281,000, its lowest reading since May 2000, according to UBS.::::::::More good news comes from overseas, as analysts including Alex Eppstein of Schaeffer's Investment Research note: The economy in Europe may be looking up. A closely followed purchasing managers' index, or PMI, edged up in October in Germany, topping expectations. The PMI came in at 54.3, a tad higher than estimates but investors focused on the manufacturing component, which rose to a three-month high.::::::::Europe benchmarks started the day in the red and closed up. The DAX of Germany powered 1.2% higher. Major Asia indexes all lost, the Nikkei of Japan off 0.4%.::::::::Early last week, the Ebola scare in the U.S. caused much angst on Wall Street and sparked a lot of selling by investors.	
http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/nigeria-violence-idINL6N0SI1BO20141023	UPDATE 2-Suspected Boko Haram fighters kidnap 25 girls in northeast Nigeria	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 10:09:14 -0700		update;boko haram;fighters kidnap;nigeria	... * Gov't talks with Boko Haram faction to release 200 girls. * Doubts gathering over ceasefire after days of violence (Recasts with abducted girls, quotes). By Imma Ande and Isaac Abrak. YOLA/ABUJA, Oct 23 (Reuters) - Suspected Boko Haram militants ...	* Doubts gathering over ceasefire after days of violence (Recasts with abducted girls, quotes)::::::::YOLA/ABUJA, Oct 23 (Reuters) - Suspected Boko Haram militants kidnapped at least 25 girls in an attack on a remote town in northeastern Nigeria, witnesses said, despite talks on freeing over 200 other female hostages they seized in April.::::::::John Kwaghe, who witnessed the attack and lost three daughters to the abductors, and Dorathy Tizhe, who lost two, said the kidnappers came late in the night, forcing all the women to go with them, then later releasing the older ones.::::::::The attack cast further doubt on government reports that it has secretly reached a temporary ceasefire with the rebels in order to secure the release of more than 200 schoolgirls they are holding hostage.::::::::"We are confused that hours after the so-called ceasefire agreement has been entered between the Federal Government and Boko Haram insurgents, our girls were abducted by the insurgents," Kwaghe said.::::::::"We urge the government to please help rescue our daughters without further delay, as we are ready to die searching."::::::::Nearly a week after the government announced a ceasefire deal with Boko Haram, which it said would include the release of the girls kidnapped from the secondary school in Chibok in northeastern Nigeria in April, there is still no sign of them being freed.::::::::Talks to release the schoolgirls are taking place this week between the government and a Boko Haram representative in the Chadian capital N'Djamena, but they are shrouded in secrecy.::::::::In a separate attack, a bomb exploded late on Wednesday at a bus station in the town of Azare in northern Nigeria's Bauchi state, killing at least five people and wounding 12, police said. They did not comment on who was behind the attack, although Boko Haram is likely to be the prime suspect.::::::::The insurgents have repeatedly bombed public places since launching an uprising demanding an Islamic state in religiously mixed Nigeria five years ago. They have stepped up their campaign this year, setting off deadly blasts across the country that killed hundreds.::::::::They have killed many thousands and are increasingly targeting civilians in violence seen as the biggest threat to the stability of Africa's biggest economy and top oil producer.::::::::"Five persons burned beyond recognition were certified dead, while 12 others sustained various degrees of injuries," Bauchi police spokesman Haruna Mohammed said in a statement.::::::::"The entire surrounding (area) has been cordoned off ... No arrest has yet been made, but an investigation has commenced."::::::::The increasing attacks have raised doubts over the ceasefire, although Boko Haram is so factionalised it is possible a truce has been reached with one group while others continue with violence.::::::::A Chadian diplomat told Reuters that a deal could still be reached if this faction has ultimate control over the girls -- although analysts say that they could be divided between several cooperating factions.::::::::Boko Haram, which only communicates messages via jihadist videos of a man claiming to be its leader Abubakar Shekau, has not yet commented on the alleged ceasefire. (Reporting by Isaac Abrak; Writing by Tim Cocks; Editing by Bate Felix and Tom Heneghan)	
http://online.wsj.com/articles/north-korean-detainee-jeffrey-fowle-reunited-with-family-in-ohio-1413985976	American Freed by North Korea Reunites with Family	Wall Street Journal	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 06:53:18 -0700	Felicia Schwartz;Felicia Schwartz Wsj Com	freed;korea reunites	Jeffrey Fowle is greeted by family members on his arrival at Wright-Patterson Airforce Base on Wednesday morning in Dayton, Ohio. David Kohl/Associated Press. WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, Ohio—An Ohio man detained for nearly half a year ...	WASHINGTON—An American man freed by North Korea after several months in detention has returned home to Ohio to a reunion with his family.::::::::Jeffrey Fowle, 56, traveling on a military plane, landed at 6:45 a.m. at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio, said Laura McGowan, a spokeswoman for the base. Mr. Fowle was greeted by his family when he landed, officials said.::::::::Mr. Fowle’s three children didn’t know why they were headed to the Air Force Base early on a dark, cold and overcast morning, along with their mother, uncle, other relatives and friends. Soon, however, they saw their father standing in the door of the military aircraft, Col. John Devillier, the base commander, said in an interview.::::::::“When they saw him in the doorway of the aircraft, they were like, ‘Oh my god, it’s Dad.’ They were hesitant when he came down the stairs and weren’t sure what to do—I just kind of leaned over to them and said ‘Go see your dad,’ and they took off,” Col. Devillier said. He added that Mr. Fowle’s children were the first to greet him and that they had a tearful reunion with their father.::::::::The mood was “very joyous,” Col. Devillier said. “There were tears of happiness.”::::::::The State Department announced Tuesday that Mr. Fowle had been released from North Korean custody. He was arrested earlier this year in North Korea after leaving behind a Bible while on a group tour.::::::::North Korea made its first statement about Mr. Fowle’s release late Wednesday local time, attributing the move to its leader, Kim Jong Un. The Korean Central News Agency said Mr. Kim made the decision to release Mr. Fowle “taking into consideration the repeated requests of U.S. President Obama.”::::::::U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said there was no “quid pro quo” with North Korea to secure Mr. Fowle’s release.::::::::As a condition of his release, the Defense Department sent a plane to Pyongyang to pick Mr. Fowle up, in a time frame specified by the North Korean government. The U.S. doesn’t have diplomatic relations with North Korea and has been working through the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang to secure Mr. Fowle’s release and that of two other Americans. Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller remain in North Korean custody, and both were sentenced to hard labor.::::::::In a statement released by Mr. Fowle’s lawyer, Tim Tepe, the Fowle family thanked “the State Department, the embassy of Sweden, former ambassador Tony Hall and many others.”::::::::The family’s statement said they were “overjoyed by Jeff’s return,” but “mindful that Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller continue to be detained in the DPRK, and understand the disappointment their families are experiencing today that their loved ones did not return home with Jeff.”::::::::Mr. Fowle is in good health, the statement said, and was treated well by the North Korean government. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said Mr. Fowle was checked by a doctor.::::::::Mr. Fowle, from Miamisburg, Ohio, worked in nearby Moraine on road maintenance projects until his employment was terminated last month, according to David Hicks, Moraine’s city manager. Mr. Hicks said the job almost certainly will be reinstated.::::::::The city was preparing to pay Mr. Fowle’s family approximately $70,000 in accrued severance benefits when he was released by North Korea, but which was never finally paid out.	
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/24/world/americas/ottawa-canada-parliament-attack.html	Canadian Police Say Ottawa Attack Was Work of Lone Gunman	New York Times	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 13:40:23 -0700	Ian Austen;Alan Cowell	canadian police;say ottawa attack was;lone gunman	A woman stood next to flowers left at the War Memorial on Thursday in Ottawa. Credit Richard Perry/The New York Times. Continue reading the main story. Continue reading the main story. Continue reading the main story Share This Page. Continue reading ...	OTTAWA — The gunman who terrorized Ottawa with a deadly ambush on a military guard and a shooting inside Parliament acted alone, the Canadian police said on Thursday, but there were new indications that he had hinted of his intentions and may have had collaborators.::::::::The Ottawa Citizen newspaper reported on its website that the gunman, killed in a fusillade of gunfire on Wednesday in the House of Commons, had been staying at a homeless shelter only minutes away “for some time” and had sought, along with two other men at the shelter, to obtain a vehicle.::::::::The newspaper, which said police officers had visited the shelter several times over the past 24 hours, based its account on interviews with other residents at the shelter.::::::::The police did not immediately confirm the newspaper’s account, but if true it could help explain why, in the confusion and trauma that convulsed Ottawa the day before, officers said they were seeking as many as three assailants.::::::::Chief Charles Bordeleau of the Ottawa police told the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation on Thursday that a search of the city’s downtown, with much of the area under lockdown until Wednesday evening, had not found any signs of accomplices to the gunman, identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau.::::::::The lockdown included a room by room search of the Parliament buildings as well as of nearby office buildings where thousands of workers were locked in. Many members of Parliament were not released from security areas in the main Parliament building until nearly 10 hours had passed.::::::::Prime Minister Stephen Harper has blamed the assault on what he has described as radicalism inspired by the Islamic State extremist group, the target of an American-led aerial military campaign in Iraq and Syria that Mr. Harper strongly supports.::::::::“We will not be intimidated,” Mr. Harper said at a special session of Parliament held on Thursday to punctuate its determination to resume normality. “We will be vigilant but we will not run scared. We will be prudent but we will not panic.”::::::::Kevin Vickers, the sergeant-at-arms, who was seen on Wednesday rushing after the assailant with a pistol drawn was back in his more familiar role of parading a ceremonial mace. But as he made his way along Parliament’s Hall of Honor, where the gunman was killed, Mr. Vickers passed by walls damaged by bullets.::::::::Parliament broke with protocol and allowed television stations to show the entry of the mace into the House of Commons. Members rose in a prolonged standing ovation for Mr. Vickers that, at times, seemed to put him on the verge of tears.::::::::Mr. Harper walked down the chamber to shake Mr. Vickers’ hand. Normally partisan and rarely given to public gestures of warmth, he also embraced and shook the hands of Tom Mulcair and Justin Trudeau, the leaders of the two principal opposition parties.::::::::The prime minister and his wife also laid a wreath at the National War Memorial, which sits across the street from his office, in memory of the slain sentry, Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, a single father of a young child from Hamilton, Ontario.::::::::Panic spread in the city center Wednesday after the gunman, armed with a shotgun, fatally wounded Corporal Cirillo, an army reservist who was part of a ceremonial guard at the tomb of the unknown soldier at the memorial. He then entered the nearby Parliament building and fired multiple times before he was shot and killed.::::::::The shooting came only two days after another deadly assault on a uniformed member of Canada’s armed forces, deepening apprehensions that the attacks could be linked to Canada’s supporting role in the American campaign against the Islamic State, the Sunni militant group also known as ISIS and ISIL. This week, Canada sent six fighter jets to attack Islamic State targets in Iraq following a request for assistance from the United States.::::::::Mr. Zehaf-Bibeau, whose parents had changed his name from Michael Joseph Hall when he was a teenager, was originally from Quebec. Mr. Zehaf-Bibeau had lived in Vancouver, British Columbia, and its suburbs in recent years. He had several petty, mostly drug related, criminal convictions.::::::::His parents said in a statement on Thursday that they were shocked and appalled by his actions and saddened by the death of the corporal. “He has lost everything and he leaves behind a family that must feel nothing but pain and sorrow,” the parents, Susan Bibeau and Bulgasem Zehaf, said of the soldier in a statement given to The Associated Press. “We send our deepest condolences to them although words seem pretty useless.”	
http://dailycaller.com/2014/10/23/michelle-obama-flubs-yet-another-campaign-speech-video/	Michelle Obama Flubs Yet ANOTHER Campaign Speech	Daily Caller	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 13:44:35 -0700	Media Reporter	michelle obama flubs;another campaign speech	First Lady Michelle Obama has done it again, flubbing a major biographical detail of the Democratic Senate candidate she was stumping for, less than two weeks after she called Iowa Senate candidate Bruce Braley the wrong name — seven times.	First Lady Michelle Obama has done it again, flubbing a major biographical detail of the Democratic Senate candidate she was stumping for, less than two weeks after she called Iowa Senate candidate Bruce Braley the wrong name — seven times. (RELATED: Michelle Obama Stumps For Candidate, Calls Him Wrong Name SEVEN Times)::::::::In a speech extolling the virtues of Colorado Democratic Senator Mark Udall, Obama called him a “fifth-generation Coloradan.”::::::::“As a fifth-generation Coloradan, Mark understands what makes this state special,” she said. “He understands the values of independence and fairness, all the things the folks here believe in.”::::::::Udall was actually born and raised in nearby Arizona, where his father was a member of the House of Representatives. He didn’t move to Colorado until after he earned his degree at Williams College, located in Massachusetts.::::::::It’d be an awkward enough gaffe in normal situations. But being a fifth-generation Coloradan is actually a key part of Udall’s opponent‘s biography.::::::::“Cory Gardner is a fifth-generation Coloradan focused on empowering people by getting government out of the way and letting innovation and creativity thrive,” the Cory Gardner for Senate campaign website reads. “…Cory was born and raised in Yuma, a small town on the Eastern Plains of Colorado where his family has owned a farm implement dealership for nearly a century. He lives in the same house his great-grandparents lived in.”	
http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/23/us-usa-whitehouse-lockdown-idUSKCN0IC1DE20141023	Second White House fence jumper faces mental evaluation	Reuters	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 13:32:49 -0700		white house fence jumper;mental evaluation	WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The man arrested after jumping the White House fence on Wednesday night was charged in court with two federal offenses on Thursday, including harming a dog the Secret Service used to stop him from entering the presidential ...	1 of 8. A member of the U.S. Secret Service stands guard in front of the North Lawn of the White House in Washington October 23, 2014.::::::::Federal Magistrate Judge Deborah Robinson ordered a mental screening for the man, Dominic Adesanya, 23, of Bel Air, Maryland.::::::::Adesanya was also charged with unlawfully entering the restricted grounds of the White House. Both charges are misdemeanors that carry up to one year in prison.::::::::The incident came about one month after an intruder with a knife scaled the White House fence and entered the executive mansion, raising questions about security at the heavily guarded complex, and spurring the resignation of Julia Pierson as Secret Service director.::::::::White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the Secret Service's response to the most recent incident was an improvement over its work to last month.::::::::Adesanya also faces two misdemeanors from earlier incidents charged in a lower court, which also ordered a mental evaluation.::::::::Video showed the intruder punching one of the dogs and Secret Service agents surrounding him on the north lawn of the White House.::::::::In an interview with ABC's Baltimore affiliate, WMAR, Adesanya's father said his son was "mentally disturbed" and had previously gone to the White House seeking to talk to President Barack Obama, but had been stopped at the gate.::::::::"He'd done it before. He didn't get that close," his father, who declined to be named or shown on camera, told WMAR. He said he has been unable to find help for his son.::::::::The White House was locked down for almost two hours after the incident on Wednesday, the same day a gunman attacked Canada's parliament in Ottawa.::::::::On Tuesday, a federal judge ordered Omar Gonzalez, charged in the Sept. 19 fence-jumping incident, to undergo a mental health evaluation.::::::::Gonzalez, 42, an Army veteran living in Texas, was not stopped until he entered the main floor of the White House. In addition to the knife he was carrying, officers found more weapons in his car.::::::::Adesanya will remain in detention until his next appearance in federal court on Oct. 27.	
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/isis-making-millions-daily-off-crime-terror/	ISIS making millions daily off crime, terror	CBS News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 13:05:08 -0700		isis	WASHINGTON - Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) militants are raking in money at a remarkable rate, earning about $1 million a day from black market oil sales alone, a Treasury Department official said Thursday. David Cohen, who leads the department's ...	Demonstrators chant in support of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria group in front of the provincial government headquarters in Mosul, Iraq, June 16, 2014. AP Photo::::::::WASHINGTON - Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) militants are raking in money at a remarkable rate, earning about $1 million a day from black market oil sales alone, a Treasury Department official said Thursday.::::::::David Cohen, who leads the department's effort to undermine the ISIS's finances, said the extremists also get several million dollars a month from wealthy donors, extortion rackets and other criminal activities, such as robbing banks. In addition, he said the group has taken in at least $20 million in ransom payments this year from kidnappings.::::::::"With the important exception of some state-sponsored terrorist organizations, ISIS is probably the best-funded terrorist organization we have confronted," Cohen, undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence, said in a speech at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington. "It has amassed wealth at an unprecedented pace."::::::::The group extracts oil from territory captured across Syria and Iraq, and sells it to smugglers.::::::::ISIS, led by Iraqi Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, wants to create a caliphate, or Islamic empire, in the Middle East. ISIS initially tried to oust Syrian President Bashar Assad, but other groups, including al-Qaida central command, turned against ISIS because of its brutality.::::::::Unlike the core al Qaeda terrorist network, ISIS gets only a small share of funding from deep-pocket donors and therefore does not depend primarily on moving money across international borders. Instead, it obtains the vast majority of its revenues through local criminal and terrorist activities, Cohen said.::::::::He acknowledged that the Treasury's tools are not particularly well-suited to combating extortion and local crime.::::::::"They rob banks. They lay waste to thousands of years of civilization in Iraq and Syria by looting and selling antiquities," he said. "They steal livestock and crops from farmers. And despicably, they sell abducted girls and women as sex slaves."::::::::In the Iraqi city of Mosul, ISIS terrorists are reportedly going door to door and business to business, demanding cash at gunpoint, he said.::::::::"A grocery store owner who refused to pay was warned with a bomb outside his shop. Others, who have not paid, have seen their relatives kidnapped. ... We've also seen reports that when customers make cash withdrawals from local banks where ISIL operates, ISIL has demanded as much as 10 percent of the value." Cohen said, using another acronym for the group.::::::::But oil is the biggest money-maker.::::::::"It is difficult to get precise revenue estimates ... but we estimate that beginning in mid-June, ISIL has earned approximately $1 million a day from oil sales," Cohen said. Other estimates have ranged as high as $3 million a day.::::::::The Treasury said ISIS is selling oil at substantially discounted prices to a variety of middlemen, including some from Turkey, who then transport the oil to be resold. "It also appears that some of the oil emanating from territory where ISIL operates has been sold to Kurds in Iraq, and then resold into Turkey," he said.::::::::Cohen said the Syrian government also has allegedly arranged to buy oil from ISIS.::::::::He noted that U.S-led airstrikes on the group's oil refineries are threatening the militants' supply networks, and that Turkey and the Kurdistan regional government - the official ruling body of the predominantly Kurdish region of northern Iraq - are working to prevent ISIS oil from crossing their borders.::::::::Cohen acknowledged, however, that ISIS moves oil in illicit networks outside the formal economy, making it harder to track.::::::::"But at some point, that oil is acquired by someone who operates in the legitimate economy and who makes use of the financial system. He has a bank account. His business may be financed, his trucks may be insured, his facilities may be licensed," he said.::::::::"We not only can cut them off from the U.S. financial system and freeze their assets, but we can also make it very difficult for them to find a bank anywhere that will touch their money or process their transactions."	
http://www.wbaltv.com/news/plane-helicopter-collide-in-frederick-area/29305374	Plane, helicopter collide in Frederick; 3 dead	WBAL Baltimore	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 13:58:05 -0700		plane;helicopter collide;frederick	Police say an airplane and helicopter have collided in mid-air near the Frederick Municipal Airport, killing three people, authorities said. Related. 3 hospitals designated for Md. Ebola... White House fence jumper is from Bel Air · UMCP confirms viral meningitis ...	An airplane and helicopter collided in mid-air near the Frederick Municipal Airport, killing three people Thursday afternoon, authorities said.::::::::Frederick police Lt. Clark Pennington said the aircraft collided Thursday afternoon and that Maryland State Police are handling the incident.::::::::The collision occurred close to the fairgrounds shortly before 4 p.m. It was not immediately known how many people were on board.::::::::Witness Allen Carver told WBAL NewsRadio 1090 that he saw a parachute in a tree and there were police, fire trucks and ambulances at the scene.::::::::The plane is registered to Graeves Auto and Appliance, a family owned-and-operated business based in Olney.::::::::SkyTeam 11 is at the scene. WBALTV.com and 11 News is working on more information on this developing story and will provide updates as they become available.	
http://www.mercurynews.com/entertainment/ci_26786260/brad-pitt-grilled-friends-angelina-jolie-and-hitler	Brad Pitt grilled on 'Friends,' Angelina Jolie and Hitler on 'Between Two Ferns'	San Jose Mercury News	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 13:38:12 -0700	Compiled Tony Hicks	brad pitt;angelina jolie;hitler;ferns	Zach Galifianakis recently asked Brad Pitt about Jennifer Aniston -- sort of -- and asked him if it's difficult getting a tan when he lives in his wife's shadow. It was all part of another hilariously-awkward episode of the Funny or Die web series "Between Two Ferns ...	Zach Galifianakis recently asked Brad Pitt about Jennifer Aniston -- sort of -- and asked him if it's difficult getting a tan when he lives in his wife's shadow.::::::::It was all part of another hilariously-awkward episode of the Funny or Die web series "Between Two Ferns."::::::::Pitt remained appropriately deadpan for much of the interview, during which Galifianakis referred to Pitt's new film "Fury" as "Furry," asked when he lost his virginity, and asked why he plays so many characters who hate Nazis "Because you look like Hitler's dream."::::::::Pitt nodded his head and said, "Yes, I understand the conundrum of it all."::::::::The "Hangover" actor then gave Pitt a wrapped gift that could only be a bong. "You know I'm a dad now," Pitt said, to which said "That's a bassoon" and handed him a wrapped lighter. "We don't bassoon in my house anymore."::::::::When Pitt spoke about his charity work, Galifianakis decided the show had taken a boring turn and introduced comic Louis C.K., who stood in front of Pitt, pretended he didn't know who he was, and made some truly lame jokes about Ebola and ISIS.::::::::After Louis C.K. left, Galifianakis appeared bummed when Pitt said he never gets dressed up in tuxedos with George Clooney and that they never say to each other, "Aren't we a couple of Dapper Dans?'"::::::::"Is it hard for you to maintain a suntan ... because you live in your wife's shadow?" Galifianakis asked, referring to Angelina Jolie's, saying he had a similar relationship Condoleezza Rice."::::::::Then he went nuclear and Pitt handled it very well.::::::::"Tell me what I was like the first time that you laid eyes on Angelina," Galifianakis asked. "Was it like one of those classical love stories, like when, I don't know, Ross first saw Rachel? You know that show "Friends?" Have you seen it?" When Pitt didn't answer about the show, which starred his first wife Jennifer Aniston, Galifianakis played its theme song.::::::::"I like that song," Pitt said, who ended up spitting his gum at the host.	
http://www.businessweek.com/news/2014-10-23/amazon-s-sales-forecast-for-holidays-misses-estimates	Amazon’s Sales Forecast for Holidays Misses Estimates	Businessweek	Thu, 23 Oct 2014 13:14:10 -0700	Spencer Soper	amazon’s;forecast;holidays	Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN:US) forecast sales and profit for the holiday quarter that missed analysts' expectations, underlining the limits to Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos's strategy of spending big to fuel growth. Revenue for the current period will be $27.3 ...	Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN:US) forecast sales and profit for the holiday quarter that missed analysts’ projections, underlining the limits to Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos’s strategy of spending big to fuel growth.::::::::Revenue for the current period will be $27.3 billion to $30.3 billion, the Seattle-based company said in a statement today, while profit excluding some items will range from a loss of $570 million to a gain of $430 million. Analysts on average projected sales of $30.9 billion and profit excluding items of $460.5 million, according to data (AMZN:US) compiled by Bloomberg.::::::::The forecast is set to stoke investor concerns that sales growth will no longer make up for Amazon’s lack of profit. Net income has been elusive as Bezos spends on products such as the Kindle Fire tablets and smartphone and a network of distribution centers, as well as drones and original programming. Investors have punished Amazon for its losses, with shares down more than 20 percent this year. That helped Chinese company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (BABA:US) become the world’s largest e-commerce provider by market capitalization upon its initial public offering last month.::::::::“It’s a little ho hum as we get into Christmas,” said Kerry Rice, an analyst at Needham & Co. “I don’t think this is by any stretch a disaster here, but it’s a little weaker than expected.”::::::::Shares (AMZN:US) of Amazon fell more than 10 percent in extended trading after closing at $313.18 in New York.::::::::For the third quarter, Amazon posted a net loss of $437 million, more than 10 times wider than the $41 million loss from a year ago. Sales rose 20 percent to $20.6 billion. Analysts had projected a loss of $331.4 million on sales of $20.9 billion.::::::::The company’s sales growth rate didn’t keep up with its rate of spending over the quarter. Amazon poured $21.1 billion into operations in the period, up 23 percent from a year earlier.::::::::The fourth quarter is typically Amazon’s most lucrative, given an influx of shoppers who buy gifts for the holidays. Amazon is ramping up to be ready, saying earlier this month that it plans to hire 80,000 seasonal workers in the U.S. to help process orders, up from 70,000 last year. In the U.K., Amazon has said it will hire 13,000 workers for seasonal roles this year.::::::::“As we get ready for this upcoming holiday season, we are focused on making the customer experience easier and more stress-free than ever,” Bezos said in the statement.::::::::Meanwhile, the company’s spending continues. In August, Amazon said it plans to buy video-game service Twitch Interactive Inc. for $970 million, one of its largest acquisitions to date, as it works to add more entertainment services.::::::::Last month, Amazon introduced five new Kindle tablet models, including the $99 Kindle Fire HD, as it continues to seek more media consuming customers. The online company will open temporary pop-up stores in select cities such as San Francisco and Sacramento through the holidays to give shoppers a chance to see and try its electronics.::::::::Amazon also secured a $2 billion credit line with Bank of America Corp. last month, giving it flexibility to continue investments in categories such as same-day grocery delivery, even if they aren’t immediately profitable.::::::::The company remains embroiled in a public dispute with publisher Hachette Book Group about the pricing of digital books. Amazon and book publisher Simon & Schuster inked a deal this week that the companies said would make books affordable for readers while spreading the wealth among the online retailer, publisher and authors.::::::::To contact the reporter on this story: Spencer Soper in San Francisco at ssoper@bloomberg.net::::::::To contact the editors responsible for this story: Pui-Wing Tam at ptam13@bloomberg.net	
http://theweek.com/article/index/270386/michael-brown-autopsy-suggests-he-was-shot-at-close-range	Michael Brown autopsy suggests he was shot at close range	The Week Magazine	Wed, 22 Oct 2014 07:15:47 -0700	Jon Terbush	michael brown;autopsy suggests	Michael Brown, the black teenager who was shot to death by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, was shot in the hand at close range, according to a copy of the official autopsy obtained by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Ferguson police claimed Brown ...	Speed Reads is TheWeek.com's continuously updated collection of the most interesting, important, and trending things on the internet – delivered with concision, intelligence, and wit. Contact us at speedreads@theweek.com.	
